Testing one, two, three, test one, two,
this is giga-ohm biological,
a high-resistance low-noise information brief
brought to you by a biologist.
Test one, two, testing one, two.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Test one, two, testing one, two, test.
Good evening, hello, welcome, test one, two.
How do I sound, Pamela?
Am I okay and in sync?
If that is the case, I'm going to open the Zoom meeting now.
Hello, somebody give me a sound check.
Sound check, loud and synced, thank you very much.
Thank you very, very much.
Let's see where this opens up here, there.
Who's there, yes, me, good, join.
Location, contrary to their government's position.
I mean, it just shows you how bureaucrats
don't think they're obliged to their oath of office
or any kind of ethical.
Can you explain though, I don't know what you're,
when you say bully, are you talking of religious belief,
are you talking about political stance?
In this case, this was a political stance
in support of the Palestinians.
It wouldn't matter if they were just in support of them.
I might bring that down until they're done talking
and they're about to start.
I'm on mute, my video is on, should be okay.
So the gymnast was on the steps of the capital.
Hello everybody, good to see you, hi Mark.
Hi Albert, hi Tony, hi Kristi.
Hi, the whole garden girl, I am Katniss, hello everybody.
Hello, hello, hello summer in snow and summer.
Hello, Kim.
Oh, there's a dude on a boat, wow, that's dope.
Hi, bio cam, fish flying girl, fly fish girl.
Quick, you wanna say before we get moving?
Yeah, just really quickly because people are all over.
I just wanted to know if anybody's had any experience
with the envisiline, the teeth aligners,
it's kind of a replacement for braces.
My daughter has become thick using them.
Just the heaps, Jeremy Willets is a dentist,
but also my wife is an expert on that.
So if you send me an email,
I'll happily tee you up with Julie.
Thank you.
Invisiline, they do some amazing stuff.
The interesting question with the dentist,
whether general dentists should be doing stuff
that the orthodontist have to do,
they give an extra five years of training
and then general dentists get three weeks of training
and they help themselves out and able to
realign all of the teeth, so.
This week, special week, 60th anniversary
of the wiping out of JFK on Thursday.
Is it Thursday, 22nd, what's it about today, 20th?
Winning Monday, Wednesday, yes.
Hello, JJ, good to see you.
Hello, I'm gonna give a couple of minutes for people
to come online.
Jerry is a cold in Ireland at the moment.
It's not particularly cold, but it's wet and miserable,
as is the usual.
We don't get a lot of really cold weather,
but we get a lot of miserable cold.
It kind of makes you wish it was colder.
Just a little bit.
Yeah, that's Celtic sunshine, get it right.
Celtic sunshine.
That dude probably has the best accent on the whole planet.
Dr. Jerry Waters from Ireland, great, great fellow.
And they were saying, the temperature in Canada
was 10 to 15 degrees lower than it was in Ireland,
and yet it felt colder here because it was the,
it's this sort of a, it's,
that there isn't that brisk, you know, crisp coldness.
It's kind of a wet coldness that hangs on you.
But otherwise, things are great over here.
Excellent.
Well, Jerry, I'm delighted to hear a lot of Irish buddies,
and I'm doing some pretty serious equity,
raising with an Irish group.
So...
Can you...
With Irish groups that are related to the cannabis thing,
or the flax.
You're not interesting.
Very.
And your equity raising.
What does that mean?
You're collecting money for them.
No, no, they're, they're finding $20 million for me.
Oh.
I'm your man.
JJ, I left $20 million, really, and handy, and available.
Now, on Saturday, I interviewed Kate Shemerani, UK nurse.
You must have, you must have, you must have heard of Kate Shemerani.
She's fabulous.
And her analysis of the, of the,
she, her, her, how shall I say,
her articulation of nurses,
describing nurses under the National Homicide System,
the NHS that she calls it,
as paid assassins.
Well worth hearing, and I'm gonna get her on a guest here,
because if you want someone who stood up for truth and justice,
that's Kate Shemerani.
All right, we'll start this.
Jonathan, I'll make you a co-host.
Tom, done the same.
And we will start this recording.
Recording in progress.
Great to see you again.
JJ, to have you here to take us the next step on our, on our journey.
The frauds continue.
Bill Gates has announced this morning in an article that soon we're going
to have a little agent.
We won't have computer programs,
but we'll have an agent in our ears telling us how to solve a particular problem,
or you'll talk to it, talk, like this is a, this is a,
if we get a chance, I'll show you the article,
and wow, they're going crazy.
I'll just praise you by the second.
All right, everybody.
Let's get Stevens here.
Excellent.
Let's get this show on the road.
And welcome to medical doctors for COVID ethics international.
There's a discussion with JJ Cooey, who we're delighted to welcome again.
This group was founded by Dr. Steven Frost,
two over two years ago, two and a half years ago during the darkest days
of the COVID scam responses with a desire to pursue five things.
Truth, ethics, justice, freedom and health.
Steven has stood up against government and power over the years,
and has been a whistleblower and activist,
his medical specialist, Radiology.
I'm Charles Cobess, the moderator of this group.
I must relate to his passion provocateur.
I've practiced law for 20 years before challenging career 30 years ago.
And over the past 12 years, I've helped parents and lawyers to strategize remedies
for vaccine damage and damage from bad medical advice.
I'm also the CEO of an industrial hemp company.
We comprise lots of professions and we're from all around the world.
Many of us thought that vaccines were okay.
Now many of us proudly say, yes, we are passionate anti-vaxxers.
And it's interesting to note that more and more health experts are coming in saying
all vaccines must be altered until proper safety and efficacy studies are done.
If this is your first time here, welcome and feel free to introduce yourself
in the chat and where you're from.
If you publish a newsletter or a podcast or you have a radio or TV show
or you've written a book, put the links into the chat so we can follow you, promote you, and find you.
Most of us understand we're in the middle of World War III,
and that there are various battle lines as part of this war.
I say there are 12 battle lines.
The medical science debate is one of 12 battle lines in the war that we are in.
Most of us understand the development of science and that the science is never settled.
Some of us believe in the existence of viruses.
Some do not.
Some are on the fence.
Others describe viruses as cleanup mechanisms of the body.
This meeting runs for two and a half hours after which for those with the time,
Tom Rodman runs a video telegram meeting.
Tom puts the links into the chat if you're able to join.
We'll listen to JJ Kiwi for as long as JJ wishes to speak,
and then we have Q&A, Stephen Frost,
via long established tradition.
Ask the first questions for 15 minutes.
There's no censorship.
It's a free speech environment.
If you're offended by anything, be offended.
We are genuinely not interested.
We reject the offense industry that requires nobody to say anything that may offend another.
We come with an attitude and perspective of love and not fear.
Fear is the opposite of love.
Fear squashes you.
Love on the other hand expands you.
It's an interesting question.
If you're a parent, I have five children.
If you're a parent and you love your children,
do you let them say and do whatever they want on grounds of equality and diversity?
Think about that.
What does love actually demand?
These twice weekly meetings are not just talk fest and extraordinary range of actions
and initiatives have been generated from linkages made by attendees in these meetings.
If you have a solution or product or links or resources that will help people put the details in the chat,
the meeting is recorded, it's uploaded on the Rumble channel.
And now it's JJ, welcome to you again.
Thank you again for giving us your time, wisdom and insights.
And thank you Stephen Frost for creating this group and for organizing JJ to be with us today.
JJ, over to you.
I'm assuming you can hear me okay.
Beautiful.
I actually think I need to thank everybody here for taking your time to listen to me for 40 minutes or so.
I'm going to try and make this one a rather quick one because I was asked specifically to speak about the DNA and the transfections.
And so I want to kind of just give you a 30,000 foot view of that relative to the entire pandemic narrative and then open it up for questions.
And a lot of times I think we get somewhere better with questions and me drawing it on a piece of paper and people get what they want to hear.
And I've repeated myself so many times here thanks to the graciousness of our hosts.
And so I just I don't want to waste too much time today with what I want to say.
So I'm going to try and be really quick as I babble now for the first five minutes.
So just to make sure everybody knows I haven't done this in a while so I just want to do it again.
I used to be a patch clamp physiologist, which is a guy who takes the brains of an animal out while they're alive.
Makes them really cold and then makes slices of the brain so that small micro circuits of neurons are preserved enough so that you can make recordings for multiple neurons and characterize their physiological,
electro physiological connections between them.
And at some point it became useful to use a series of transfection agents to label different kinds of neurons and even to control them physiologically while you were recording from their neighbors.
And that fundamental technique and how it was used to map small micro circuits in the brain was a methodology that I spent probably five or eight years of my neuroscience career developing.
So I know a little bit about transfection and how it can be used in an animal model of an in vitro model of a micro circuit in the brain.
And you can use my last name C O U E Y with two big J's between a hyphen on PubMed or I think this is Google Scholar.
I think this is research gate or that's research gate.
But if you know how to spell my name, you can find me. I've had my name out there since it was the way that you trade your, your, your credentials in science. You have to use your real name and you don't want that to be diluted by misspellings or multiple uses.
And so I've been Jonathan J. Cooley officially as a biologist for about 20 years.
And I like to start this out by saying something very succinct.
And I would like to just put out this broad challenge for anybody to that wants to discuss why these things aren't really solid biological statements to make.
Just by the second. Yeah, JJ, do you want to share your screen or do you want us to put highlight? You want? Yes, I think.
Sorry, please go up to the top right and select speaker. I'm going to switch myself to the lower corner in a minute. And so I can do it right now. That's okay. I'll just do it right now.
So if you still can't see me, I'm down here now.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb. I don't like to use the word dumb so much except that it has some real, you know, good, deep meaning for people.
And I want people to think about why it is that I would make such a broad general statement. Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is indeed criminally negligent. I would say that. Yeah.
Ting is switched off. Jerry, you're here. Sorry.
It's okay.
Transfection in healthy humans is indeed criminally negligent. And the reason why I say that is because there are thousands, perhaps hundreds of thousands of academic biologists and academic doctors who through the course of their bench investigations know exactly the limitations
of transfection and could not in any way shape or form, not know that this was wholly inappropriate for healthy humans.
And then the final one down here I'm going to add for this one in case anybody wants to talk about it at the end.
Viruses are not patterned integrities. A pattern integrity is basically anything that we can call a species.
And particularly ourselves, we are each a pattern integrity and taking biological concepts that we've come to understand patterned integrities with and applying them to what is essentially a molecule, even maybe a self replicating molecule is very dishonest, disingenuous and dubious.
And so I think these three big biological principles are what we need to center on for this little discussion and what I want to center on now.
So first of all, this slide is actually from 2021, the very beginning of 2021 was the first time I used this slide and I want to use it again because I can't believe how accurate it still is.
Our common narrative back in the beginning of 2021, I was calling the biological bifurcation of America. It's really the bifurcation of Earth.
And by bifurcation, I mean splitting. In the old days, that's me, 51 year old guy, I grew up on a couch with a TV that you had to get up to change channels and there were only three channels in Northern Wisconsin.
And it usually meant that the narrative about what made a good person and how you made it in life and what constituted good people versus bad people was the same.
In the picture on the back of my living room wall as it was on television, even though there was a red and a blue team on TV.
They still pretty much agreed about the narrative of the American way, you know, two cars in a house, mom, dad and kids, a dog, you know, whatever vacation that that kind of stuff was all kind of accepted across the board.
And for many, many, many, I mean, 20, 30 years, that was okay. And then the pandemic comes along.
Donald Trump came along, the pandemic came along and everything started to careen out of control. Nothing on TV started to really be congruent with what we were reading in places, what we were following in places.
And because a lot of these people, like myself, were more or less locked into old mainstream media sources, we became just aware that this was going on, but not really fully aware of what was going on on the Internet.
And so we've just became angry at the theater that's on TV and the fact that really both sides were working against us for the corporations and for private interests.
Now, at the start of the pandemic, we have to see our populations as actually already being divided, not only by red and blue in America or left and right around the world, but we were also divided in a way that we weren't divided pre-social media.
The dinner table met something and the way that you interacted with your parents and the way you interacted with your siblings at the dinner table was like a microcosm of how you would interact with people outside of the house.
And now it can easily be that people outside of your house have more social interaction and more social influence on our children and even on ourselves than our child we have on our own children.
And that is perhaps by design, but it is the way we are right now, and we have to come to terms with that because that is the context in which the pandemic was rolled out, where people who are already used to using their cell phones as their primary window to the world could be more easily programmed to accept that the pandemic was happening,
whereas older people like ourselves were more used to the idea that people lie to get what they want, that people would lie to govern us.
This concept is not so familiar to those people who grew up with modern cable television with hundreds of channels in social media.
And so it is on this background, a very different background that one of you typically on television, it's on this background that this trap was laid.
We don't have a common narrative anymore except for the pandemic.
And if we don't understand this, then we're not going to die in this trap.
But the problem in the trick is is exactly what Mark Twain highlighted is that it's easier to fool someone than to convince them that they have been fooled.
And our task is to awaken people to the fact that they have been indeed fooled.
And so I apologize for maybe beating this dead horse, but I want to remind you a little bit again with slides that are almost three years old now.
The first thing that they split the earth on, and it is the earth, right? Everybody in all countries in all different languages is debating for almost three years now. Was it natural or was it a lab leak?
And people started debating because of being forced to. I'm dealing cards here because this is a big game.
Vaccines are safe and effective antibodies from vaccines can be better than the antibodies from infection.
Another card that they dealt us was a transfection is better than infection because the viral spike is toxic.
And so this bifurcation of America that I was calling it back then is now at a stage where America has brought out a news story, which is that there is DNA in the transfections and otherwise they were pretty perfect.
And so we have to be very, very careful that we don't take this bait in the wrong way, that we don't move in the direction that the narrative people would like us to move in.
And that's why I like to use this analogy of a Scooby-Doo, the idea that they've made us feel like we're a group of teenagers, and we caught the adults in a lie.
We caught the senator who was calling out the NIH guy and we can see it on his emails and we can see it in the private communications about the proximal origin.
And we can see it in the diffuse proposal and we can see it in Ralph Barracks denial and we can see it in in in eco health alliances just not being open with the NIH.
And that's us feeling like we're unmasking the bad guys and solving the mystery, but what it actually is is us brainwashing ourselves into accepting a story.
And what is that story?
I use this tunnel animation because it is a illusion that we are moving through this neon lit tunnel.
Like it was an illusion that we experienced a pandemic and the way that they have gotten us to believe this illusion is with stories consistent from the start.
One of the first books to ever come out in the pandemic by the Breggans, COVID-19 and Global Predators is all about a bioweapon.
What really happened in Wuhan is about a lab leak by an Australian journalist.
A guy who claims to be a whistleblower says it was a lab leak in Wuhan.
A guy who claims to have invented the mRNA technology that saved millions of people on the planet thinks that the US government lied about it.
The Senator wrote a book about his pursuit of the truth, deception, the great COVID cover up.
And now an independent candidate for president with more polling support than any independent candidate has ever pulled has another book coming out.
Also about a lab leak, gain a function, bioweapons.
For years of books, this has not changed.
Interestingly enough, the author of this book sued the author of that book and both books are selling because that gets extra attention for them.
What's happening here?
What's happening here is an orchestrated theater designed for us to accept the challenge of solving a mystery and then watching all of these performers lead us through the dinner theater.
In 2018, the earth was clean.
In 2019, somewhere at the end of the year, something leaked.
And the reason why I say scenario is one through three is because it could have been a bat cave coming from a bat cave.
It could have been a bat cave virus coming out of a laboratory, or it could have been a bat cave virus that was combined with other viruses to be gained a function coming out of a laboratory.
And that virus changed every year to different variants that kept spreading and that we could track around the world.
Omicron came out of South Africa and traveled around the world again.
And now here we are at the end with an illusion of consensus that this happened.
And the only real question is, you know, I understand that the lockdowns and EUAs were kind of a rush, but millions of people were killed by a virus, millions more were saved from a virus.
And we should focus on getting a function in bio weapons.
In this scenario, this faith in a novel virus, we have defeated disease and epidemics in the past using vaccination, not public sanitation or clean water or nutrition, or better medicine, or antibiotics.
Novel coronaviruses can jump from other species in the pandemic. This is just normal in this world.
PCR false positives are very rare. Asymptomatic spread is very real.
And variants are evidence of both spread and continuing evolution of a single virus that started out as a small puddle in outside of a laboratory or in a on the shoe of somebody who walked to the market or maybe in an animal at the market.
That quantity of RNA has now replicated almost flawlessly for three and a half years and covered the planet in itself.
We spend money studying viruses, including gain of function research. That's this TV scenario, one through three, that the people have been completely bamboozled on the left and the right to accept because they solved the mystery. They know what happened.
And the real thing is that's a lie and it's a conflated background signal. If there is a background signal that that test tests for, that those sequences find that's always been there and always been a minor.
Something problem signal phenomenon, then the faith in a novel virus that is a new way of dying is a lie.
I think I'm overloading a little bit, but we're actually right where they want us because everybody by solving that mystery has accepted there's a novel virus, millions died, more were saved, gain of function is real and a virus will come again.
And I say it like that because it is a religion. It's a little bit like a religion. They believe in something and they won't question that.
And I believe a lot of these people can be dissected based on this. I'm sorry that that cartoons there if that annoys anybody, but that's Scooby Doo's original beginning.
These many of these people were involved in laying down a worst case scenario narrative and are involved in not making sure that we never ask questions relevant to these things.
We can talk about all with all kinds of dissident ideas. We can discuss all kinds of different directions of debate as long as we don't question any of these things.
And the way that they did it, of course, is with this discussion of pandemic potential and bad caves, pandemic potential being available in cell culture or animal passage or stitching things together to invert our sovereignty.
And the addition to this slide is that specifically that role of that story is to make people think that the worst case scenario is possible.
Therefore, it was worth locking down. It was worth using the mRNA in an impure form. It was worth doing everything we did because if this had been the worst case scenario, if it had gone south, then it would have been a disaster.
You know, on the order of like nuclear war. And that is indeed what in that video earlier that was playing in the background of Rand Paul. That's what Rand Paul says that Richard E. Bright and Kevin Esfelt testified in front of Congress that gain of functioned viruses represent a danger greater than nuclear weapons.
And that is the new world order that they want to trap our children. And they want our children to believe that this is possible, that eventually it's going to be possible for anybody that's nefarious enough and really just wants to to do it in their garage.
And this consensus was laid down by people who are still protecting it, protecting this idea as a possibility. Now, first of all, I want you to think carefully that the Scooby Doo, sometimes it doesn't work for everybody.
So I'm trying an old thing that I started with already three and a half years ago. The subway breaks and the engine of this subway are damaged.
And so this dude is compensating for the damage to keep the train on schedule. And I just want you to digest the meaning of that statement.
The subway breaks and engine are damaged and this dude is compensating for the damage to keep the train on schedule.
And I want you to do a thought experiment and I want you to imagine that I bring a bunch of my 11 year old sons basketball players that I'm coaching.
I bring them to this subway station and I tell them the same story.
And they're 11 year old boys, they play basketball, they're in sixth grade, excuse me.
And all those boys are like, what? That's ridiculous. That's stupid.
Now, let's do the same thing with 40 guys, giant men dressed in armor with some kind of blinking lights on their arms that make it look like they're electronically enhanced.
And then let's have them all synchronously pull on the train to stop it and push it to go and have them make noise and be really dramatic about it.
Now suddenly it might be a little bit harder for my sons basketball team to disbelieve that that's what's going on.
If I said we're going to put 150 guys dressed like that.
Do you see my point here? Because that's what they did with the pandemic.
Who declared a pandemic of a dangerous novel virus?
These stories were introduced and controlled for national security reasons.
It's not just people pulling on the train and then pretending to push it.
It's more elaborate than that.
In order to sustain this pandemic, people had to agree to agree that a novel virus means everybody vulnerable.
They had to agree that this PCR was really high fidelity. It's great. It's totally useful.
They had to agree that lateral flow testings, tests that were shipped in from China by the millions to the UK, we had to agree that those who were also very high fidelity tests totally useful.
We had to agree that novel treatment debates like about hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin are real because this is a novel virus.
We don't know what will work.
And so that led to this debate about antibiotics don't work on viruses.
That's something that the twib people still say.
That the CDC will still say.
Plus this misdirection with steroids, misuse, disuse.
The novel protocols that also included remdesivir, medazolam, ventilation.
These were all parts of people faking the stop of the train, faking the pushing of the train going, yep, there is a pandemic.
Look at all of us.
Look at all of us trying.
Look at how hard we're trying.
And that's how this was done.
Never mind the financial incentives.
Never mind the elderly care home malfeasance that we now know of.
Never mind the fact that nobody with immunologist after their name has ever given an immunology 101 lecture about this pandemic ever.
Never mind that not one person has done that.
That calls themselves an immunologist, talked about nutrition.
Never.
We can go on and on on this list.
But what you have to realize is you have to start to key into the fact that all of these people who were involved in this train pushing and pulling exercise are still pulling and pushing on the same in the same stick.
They haven't moved on to summarizing the calamity of the pandemic, the giganticness of the lies.
They're still focused on their one little part of the act.
They're focused on their one little place they're supposed to pull on because it's 150 people lined up on this train, all pretending together that makes it so convincing.
That's what the Scooby Doo is.
They've changed the way we think.
And so now you've got a really in light of what I've explained.
And I have done no details there, but I can go into any details you want.
The question is, are they creating an illusion of consensus about there being DNA in the shot and why would they do that?
So the first thing I want to call your attention to in this card game is what happened in 1999, which is the death of Jesse Gelsinger.
Jesse Gelsinger had an orthonine trans-carbamylase deficiency, an excellent genetic disease of the liver.
And they tried to use adenovirus to replace the gene, replace the enzyme that he was missing, because otherwise he was just going to have this tragic life where being alive costs so much medical intervention all the time that he's basically just in the hospital all the time.
And so it was a really shitty life that this young man had.
And so they tried to use gene therapy as the first gene therapy in America.
They tried to use gene therapy on his liver to fix him.
And for a while, it seemed like it was working like three weeks or something like that.
And then he died, and you can see that November 28, 1999, first in a series of articles by the same reporter was written about the biotech death of Jesse Gelsinger.
And so I just want to read this one segment from one of the articles that came out during this time.
Mark Bradshaw, a pediatrician of great stature, was, according to the New York Times report on Jesse's death, the scientist's hard hit by the tragedy.
The paper quoted him as saying that he had never before Jesse made a patient worse by his care.
The paper states that he prayed for the dead boy and that he thought hard about the Hippocratic oath.
I did harm, Badshaw said.
Dr. Steve Raper, the driven scientist who has thrown himself into his work and committed himself to finding the treatment that the experiment was intended to find so that the loss of life would not be in vain, according to the Times.
As he pronounced Jesse Gelsinger dead, he said goodbye, Jesse, we'll figure this out.
Later, he pondered on whether the vector had reacted badly with Jesse's medication or whether the reactions in the rhesus monkeys, presumably the trials, had meant more than he realized.
As it happens, I'm wondering about the same things and experts on the matter from elsewhere are discussing the matter publicly.
For example, geneticist Robert Malone of the University of Maryland told the enquirer that there was adequate literature to show that the adenovirus was a problem, even from animal studies in Wilson's own lab.
The writing was on the wall for five years.
So in case you thought that Robert Malone was a horse farmer that just decided to come back and claim his patents, let me assure you that that's not the case.
In fact, he tells the story multiple times that this speaking out about the adenovirus dosage change being the reason why Jesse Gelsinger died ended up burning his academic career that resulted in him getting a faculty position at a U.S.
Army Hospital or Army University or health.
I don't know exactly what that was, but he moved to a different university that was now even more related to the government and the military after this speaking out.
And there were three articles written by this lady Cheryl Gray Stolberg, only one of which I think quotes Robert Malone, but it's possible that he helped her with all three of those.
And if you think that this is something that he's trying to forget, I mean, he even used this as an argument about why the adenovirus vaccines for COVID were causing people to die.
And in fact, that was in October 7th of 2021, keeping in mind that he came out first on the Brett Weinstein show in June of 2021.
And so June, July, August, September, October, five months later, he's now saying that the adenovirus gene delivery system has its own adverse events issues separating it from mRNA.
And so why is this important? I think this is important because Scott Gottlieb started already in 2021 to plug nature papers about the fact that lipid nanoparticles for mRNA delivery are a natural evolution of the parallel nature of these two research lines.
Even as we've discovered what RNA does, we've been working at trying to get and control it with lipid nanoparticles.
I think this is a very disingenuous representation of these two intellectual pursuits.
I think we've been interested in how the genome is translated to proteins and how that whole thing orchestrates the pattern integrity that we are separately from how do we mess with it and how do we put things in places in the body that we want,
which is really what lipid nanoparticles are. But again, okay, it's funny because this is what they want to say.
This is funny because they're so obvious in their ridiculous statements to say that these two were related to one another or that some one beget the other to make cartoons in that article which seem to imply that they can put it in the dermis.
They can put it subcutaneously or they can put it intramuscularly and it will stay there.
Of course, why is this comical?
Can you hear that clapping? Can anybody confirm? Can you hear that clapping that just came up?
No, you couldn't hear it. I couldn't hear it. I'm going to change the sound on mine. I think I need to change the sound on mine.
How do I change the sound? Darn it.
Not video settings, audio settings. I'm sorry, let me just do this quick because it'll help.
Audio settings, personalized audio isolation, zoom background maneuver off.
I think this one.
Now, let me try that again. Can you hear this?
Thanks, Peter. Can you hear that?
I'm going to say the video. I hear the channel video.
Can you hear the video?
Try it again.
Yeah. That was a fantastic talk and if there's anybody who has any questions.
Yes, we can.
Okay, great. So, what this talk is, shoot. What this talk is is Peter Cullis.
Peter Cullis is the guy who could have gotten the Nobel Prize with Weisman and Caracol
because he's the guy who spent his entire career developing the Lipid nanoparticle that was ultimately used.
His technology is a cutest, I believe, the name of the company. Correct me if I'm wrong.
Anyway, the point is that in 2022 he was doing a tour around Canada because they have this pre-noble price called the Gardier.
I'm saying it wrong and I apologize. It looks like Gardener, but with an eye somewhere in there.
And it's like a pre-noble price. So, he was going around at universities giving talks about how great everything was.
And the whole talk is just so insightful because it's like he's not really living on planet Earth in 2022.
He's living on planet Earth in 2021, right when the vaccine just came out and they reported 99% efficacy,
even though it's like an hour, a year and a half later.
Now, the reason why I'm playing this first part is because he ends his talk with applause
and then the moderator asks him a question that he gives such a frank answer to.
And it's a frank answer to this question down here. If you can see my arrow that they can put it in the dermis,
they can put it subcutaneously, they can put it intramuscularly.
Now, let's listen.
Thanks, Peter. That was a fantastic talk. And if there's anybody who has any questions, please raise your hand.
But maybe I'll start with... So, silencing a protein is one thing, putting one in that's going to be upregulated.
How do you control that regulation once you... How do you know you don't over-expressing a protein?
Have you even thought of that?
Yeah. I mean, one of the things about this approach, of course, is titratable.
So, you can start low and work it up. The other is that it's not like you're inducing production of a protein forever.
You know, you're going to get it going from maybe a week or two.
But that's about it. And so, it's self-limiting in that extent, too.
So, if you're causing nasty side effects, then, okay, stop giving it and then other things will...
So, that would be my next question. How often do you think you'd have to give something if you were dosing?
It depends on the length of time you want and also...
Sorry about that.
I want to make sure that you understand first what he said there.
So, he said that, well, you can just stop giving it and then everything will go back to normal.
So, in some applications, according to this guy, the inventor of it, in some applications, you can give it to people.
And when the mRNA goes away and the protein production stops, everything's just over.
But in other instances, when you want to vaccinate somebody, then the immune system memorizes that protein only in a few days and makes permanent memory to it.
I want you to see how incredible it is that he just gave a lecture accepting kudos for inventing this wonderful technology.
And now he's explaining explicitly how literally understands the difference between these two biologically different scenarios,
where we're talking about up-regulating a protein or expressing a protein in the sense of rescue versus vaccinating somebody.
And in one sense, if you're causing adverse events, you can just stop giving it and then everything will go back to normal.
In another sense, well, you give it two in one time and the immune system remembers it for, I mean, come on.
So, it gets worse. You're not going to believe it.
This is really a person who is considered by the people who buy this narrative, one of the heroes, the one of the hero biologists.
You know, you're going to get it going from maybe a week or two, but that's about it.
And so, it's self-limiting in that extent, too.
So, if you're causing nasty side effects, then, okay, stop giving it and then other things will.
So, that would be normal.
My next question, how often do you think you'd have to give something if you were dosing?
It depends on the length of time that you want and also the stability of the protein that you're producing.
Like antibodies, we can make those in the liver, say, if you put the heavy-like gene mRNA in,
and they'll circulate around for, say, a week or so, because they're very stable.
Other molecules, you know, might be, you know, a matter of an hour or so.
So, it's going to, this area is where you're going to see improvements in the thought and technology itself.
You know, more of a depot effect to have things play out over a longer time.
A depot effect.
As long as they go and they raise in which we can manipulate things.
And in your delivery system, do you think there's going to be a way to actually target it to different tissues?
So, right now, you've been talking about getting it into the liver, but how do you, can we actually restrict which tissues?
It's going to be tricky, too.
That's going to be tricky.
I mean, people have been trying to target these lipid, or any nanomedicine,
and actually more specifically to where you want it from than to cancer cells and some obvious choice
without any success over 40 years of trying, right?
So, on that put points out how difficult it is.
You tend to raise an immune response, or anything put on the outside,
and you get aggregation, they're difficult demanding, but this goes on and on.
I've worn out five graduate students on that project.
The last one refused to go on.
If I, unless I change your projects, okay, I do that.
So, he burnt out five grad students trying to target these lipid nanoparticles to some place in the body,
and the fifth one said that she didn't, he didn't allow her to change her topic, she would quit.
But the whole principle of transfection as vaccination is, is that it stays in your arm and that actually,
that somehow antigen-presenting cells are the only ones that are transfected meaningfully.
And that somehow, transfection of antigen-presenting cells is a way of getting antigen-presenting cells
to present the antigen, which I'm not really sure has been shown.
So, I'm going to let this go because I really think you need to hear the whole statement.
But it points to, but there are other ways to go.
You know, for the microbiology, you can start to say, okay, I want to express in a particular cell.
That's, that requires pretty sophisticated microbiology, but I think it's doable.
The other approach.
It requires very sophisticated molecular biology in order to get it to express in particular tissues,
and that's interesting because I have a maybe 10-year record of, of expression,
actually, transfection in particular cell types in the brain based on what genes those cells express
after the brain is fully formed.
And so, I know exactly how it can be done, but I know for sure it's not a great way to augment anything in a healthy animal,
never mind a healthy human, never mind a healthy child.
And so, how can we so lacks to basically be talking about this in the middle of 2022 and the acceptance of kudos of an award
and not realize the gigantic cruise ship-sized contradiction in the biological assumptions that he's making versus
that we're making versus the biological limitations that he's describing here.
And so, the question is, how many of these people know?
How many of these people have really tried to tell us this, like Byron Brittle did in 2020 when he found the Japanese things?
How many people on that last screen have been saying that transfection in its purest form is wholly inappropriate for healthy humans?
I don't know how many, but not very many, and everybody should be saying that because transfection in its purest form
with no impurities, no contamination, no adulteration, exactly what you want, still can't target it.
You still can't keep it anywhere. It still randomly distributes.
It still is wholly inappropriate for healthy humans.
Upscaling from nanograms to kilograms, which was what was required to go from the trials to mass rollout,
was predicted to be a huge source of problems back in 2020.
By people like Mike Eden and across the board, everybody knew this was crazy, even.
The people on this week in virology laughed about how spectacular it was that they were going from nanograms on the lab bench
to kilograms in a vat.
And so when we saw the paperwork that was submitted, whatever limited paperwork was submitted,
we saw that the mRNA was impure. The modified RNA was impure. It wasn't one band.
It was a smear, which meant we had infinite quantity of fragments that may or may not have anything to do with the original transcript of the spike.
And fragmented RNA that has overlap with our own RNA could have consequences. We don't know interference, modulatory RNAs.
We don't know any of what can happen with that smear of RNA, but we know that whatever it was making, it was making protein fragments
in addition to whatever spike protein it was making because the spike protein that they made was not using the same sequence
that was found in the virus that they reported. It was codon optimized for maximum protein production,
and that codon optimization necessarily changes the protein that comes out because we know that.
A lot of the genetic disorders that we understand are actually silent mutations in the protein.
There are changes that appear to be synonymous, meaning they shouldn't change the amino acid that's coded,
but it changes the way that the structure of the protein manifests as it gets translated by the RNA or by the ribosome.
The tertiary structure of the protein is changed.
And so whatever protein is being produced by the Pfizer and by the Moderna is different than each other,
and the protein that is produced by the virus, supposedly that sequence, if it produces that spike.
The chemically altering of it, it depends on whether you're talking about pseudoridine or N1 methyl pseudoridine.
It can be more premature stops. It can be more wobble-basing, meaning that it can be kind of a wild card.
And so again, you're adding to the variability of the antigenic stimulation of the immune system.
If that's all that this transfection did in its purist form, it would still be doing a bouquet of unknown things.
And the protein produced then becomes uncharacterized, highly variable, essentially a prodrug.
So even in its purist form, we can argue against it wholly.
We can make it completely criminally negligent to use this in healthy humans.
The LNP, we're just there now.
We just heard the inventor of the LNP say that he burnt four postdocs on this.
It's going to be another 40 years before they can usefully target it anywhere.
So what are we doing when we say we're augmenting the immune system with transfection?
Now we hear stories about process two.
In process one, they printed everything with the latest technologies in DNA and RNA chemical transcription.
But here in process two, they used bacteria vats, and so they had to clean the bacteria out.
They had to clean all of this biological material out from these reactors.
And they already know how to do it with proteins, but you can't do it like that with nucleic acids.
And so they had this huge problem that they absolutely, positively new existed.
Why? Because every single protein, biologic, monoclonal antibody, you name it.
Any protein that's produced as a biologic must be free of nucleic acids.
It's one of the reasons why monoclonal antibody production is so expensive because they must use
an ion exchange chromatography to remove all the nucleic acids, all the material from the manufacturer.
And if they don't do it and they don't pass, it's like a half a million dollars again to run that batch.
So sometimes it's cheaper to just throw it away.
And all of these people have been doing this for years, for 20 years, know that when they make nucleic acids, they can't do that.
So they knew there was going to be all kinds of crap in there.
And so yeah, there are DNA, double-stranded DNA fragments.
But again, even if those weren't in there, this would still be a problem because of all the wrong aspects of trying to augment the immune system with transfection.
And I want you to recall, please recall, that for almost a year, you and I and all of us in the background in the...
that really thought we knew what we were doing were exclusively focused on the biological properties of the spike.
Now suddenly it's the DNA in the shot that matters. It's not the toxic spike that we've transfected everybody with.
That wasn't already a good enough story. This isn't already a good enough story.
All this list is just forgotten now, the fact that the codon optimization changes the G quadriplex structure of the mRNA.
That's just gone now. We don't need to worry about that anymore.
Protein folding, no big deal.
The fact that epitopes are three-dimensional electrostatic shapes that the immune system zeros in on.
They're not parts of a linear structure. They're parts of a three-dimensional structure.
This is the problem.
Questions from the audience.
I want you to listen.
Question here and then the question way at the back and up there.
You're simply not going to believe it.
Up there, so please loudly.
So first of all, understand that you're not going to be able to hear all the questions, but that's okay.
I will try to say what they say. It's only like eight minutes and then I'm done talking.
But this is really important because in this question and answer session, he's asked fairly awkward questions that he summarizes a little bit
and then gives the most insightful answers you can possibly imagine.
It shows you exactly what we're dealing with.
This is the guy who drank scotch when he found out that the effective rate of this vaccine in 2021 was purported to be 95% or in 2020.
And now two and a half years later, in 2022, he's accepting the kudos and he's going to speak out loud.
Contradictory statements in biology, things that should be like, you know, his whole brain should be going and it's not reacting at all.
So listen carefully.
I mean, it's sort of alluded to that a little bit, but with mRNA, our delivery is obviously a kind of a little bit of expression.
So that works well for an acute disease or a vaccine.
But any work on the male delivery system says it's going to come back and withdraw the case.
So the question is, is that it works great for vaccines because it's such a short expression.
But have you tried and found out how to use this to replace enzyme?
So he's basically asking the Jesse Gelsinger question right now.
And so that's the first question that that Colis is going to answer.
Listen carefully.
We worked on it without any success.
I mean, it's commonly used in cell culture.
Absolutely. I mean, in cell culture, you've got rapidly dividing cells.
He said it's got to be useful in cell culture for transfection is what the questioner said.
No, he's going to keep answering. At some point, we're going to actually get Peter to say transfection out loud.
You know, so that the problem is that for cells that are not rapidly dividing, and so therefore the nucleus isn't, you know, you can't get things into the nucleus readily, then these systems don't work.
And so that's a, which is, you know, we certainly haven't beaten that.
No, I'm sure there are some people whose bells are going off when he says that when the cells aren't dividing, it's hard to get the delivery to happen into the nucleus, which makes the DNA construct containing SV40 as a nuclear relocation sequence or whatever they call it.
It is a sequence that has been used in cell culture molecular biology to assure that a particular plasmid gets transferred to the nucleus.
So it's not entirely crazy for people to be saying that the addition of that potential circular DNA or that transcript might be dangerous, and it is dubious that this guy just happens to mention that one of the problems with my technique is that I can't force things into the nucleus
because, you know, that's not really how lipid nanoparticles work. It's an interesting admission.
JJ, the volume of your voice has gone down, at least.
There's other barriers to get through for sure.
Yeah, yeah, and there's no doubt we can get DNA into the cytoplasm the same way that we can.
We are a messenger RNA, but to get it into the nucleus, we have these for non-dividing cells. We haven't achieved that.
Next question.
Are there any plans to make different more complex lipid nanoparticles with different combination of phospholipids?
We've already seen talks about that, and actually in his talk in this talk itself, he said that.
It's kind of an off-topic kind of question, but I'll let it run.
Can you explain why it's like functional, but like brain protection?
Oh, yeah. I know we're fiddling around with every possible...
Well, we really haven't figured out. I mean, it's coming to light now a little bit, but are the structure activity relationships between the structure of the lipid nanoparticle and the actual activity in vitro and in vivo.
Yeah, so those things are just starting to become elucidated. It's quite remarkably. You have a very successful medicine, and we still don't understand some of the basics of how it actually works.
But, you know, those things are becoming pure.
I mean, there's the mythology right there. We have a highly successful medicine, but it's crazy. We still don't really know how it works.
You don't even know if it works, then if you don't have a plausible mechanism, when did this ever happen?
That we can have a biological explanation with no plausible mechanism. It's just absurdity.
And a lot of it has to do with manipulating the various components that we have in there.
Yeah, that's what it's all about. In case some of you have to say, for example, with you have to say, do you think it's about singing?
So he's asking if people have to take lots of vaccines and he's listing a lot of vaccines. I think he's going to ask them whether or not the reaction.
If the immune system will build up tolerance to the lipid nanoparticle or whether it will build a hypersensitivity to it. Hold on.
Possibly all that kind of vaccine that I think is part of it.
So, ideally, we talk to the amount of people in a particle, somebody taking any time, or can this, or this vaccine go to work?
I mean, are you asking whether you can use the same lipid nanoparticle for all those different vaccines?
So, this is such a long question.
It looks like you can use the same lipid nanoparticle to deliver whatever mRNA for a vaccine, and then it works just fine.
It looks like it. It looks like it works just fine. They have not tested it.
Understand that. This is a giant assumption because they're lipids. It's just fat.
And that's a disingenuous assumption, but that's the assumption that he's working on, but this is a guy. This is the guy.
So, all the bureaucrats in the secret meetings, all the bureaucrats in the government meetings, all the CDC, all these people are working under the assumption that these experts know what they're talking about.
So, this is where the lipid nanoparticle that's been used for, say, the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine is going to find that exact same lipid nanoparticle is going to find a lot of application for other vaccines, particularly now it's been tested in 3 billion people.
So, now that it's been tested in 3 billion people, here's this guy reinforcing this narrative that somehow or another, we have proof behind us in the rearview mirror that lipid nanoparticles and the carrying of mRNA is no big deal.
Now, I could let this go on, but I think I've gone on too long. He says even more absurd things. You can find that on YouTube.
The point I'm trying to make now is that this was a plan all along to get us to accept that this incremental rollout of genetic technologies is going to be okay.
CRISPR sounds really scary. They can't possibly be doing that or any. Oh, yes, they are. They're running a trial where they give African Americans with sickle cell anemia or sickle cell disease.
They give them a month long chemotherapy treatment to absolutely ablate all of their immune cells in their bone marrow.
And at the same time, they took the cells out of their bone marrow and CRISPR cast 9 of them and edited them so that they would express a fetal version of hemoglobin.
And then after that chemotherapy, they throw it back into the patients.
Now, that's not mRNA, but this is a new, super precise gene editing approach switches off a gene in the liver that regulates bad cholesterol.
Now they're going to replace statins with an mRNA that carries CRISPR cast 9 editing enzymes to make cholesterol go down in humans.
Because what Peter Cullis just said that mRNA and lipid nanoparticles is totally fine.
And Robert Malone and the J&J shots prove that adenovirus, maybe that's a little sketchy.
Maybe that's a little sketchy, but mRNAs work great.
And there's the New York Times saying that a nice picture of how sickle cell patients should just start taking the stuff.
So this is an illusion of consensus that they've trapped us in.
It's an illusion of consensus about a faith in a novel virus, and you can dispel this faith by understanding that there has to be a background signal there, and we have no data about it.
There are no PCR tests from 2019. There are no sequences from 2019.
There's no monitoring for it.
And so they have no data to establish the fact that something started in 2019 and spread around the world, from a little tiny puddle of RNA to a blanket covering millions and millions of humans.
Think about the absurdity of that, and understand that these people are not saying that the protocols were murder, and we have to count those deaths first.
Those people are not saying that transfection is not medicine, and those people are not addressing the PCR fraud, the death certificate fraud, the idea that an RNA molecule that spills on the floor in a wet market can then replicate itself with high fidelity for three and a half years to code a planet.
The idea that we understand protein folding sufficiently enough to code on, optimize a protein, and then transfect it in you, the idea that we can use transfection, do anything useful except for somebody that might die anyway, is ridiculous.
And the fact that no one, absolutely no one, has taken the time to teach us about natural immunity except for a handful of people, I would like to wave my hand humbly as one of those people who's done it often.
These are the three things I want to leave you with, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb transfection and healthy animals is criminally negligent, and viruses are not patterned integrity is please let's discuss
why they might be doing this, and yeah I don't know stop transfection in humans it's the same message I always end with, because they're trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary you can find me here.
But this is not I don't want to plug myself so I'm gonna get that off the screen and change back to this and answer questions if I can.
Thank you.
Well, well well well JJ, thank you.
Thank you thank you as amazing, amazing presentation plus on top of that the technology that you use I think it's a lesson for all of us in terms of sharing ideas on a scream.
Stephen goes for the next 15 minutes I want to just while the Stevens getting his thoughts together.
I want to raise with you all that the fraud.
The the game plan is continuing in yesterday's Wednesday's Australia newspaper Australia's national paper.
A news corporation Rupert Murdoch publication that when he announced his retirement impairment he said I've always been into truth and sharing the truth.
So here's a half page that's a broad sheet as you can see big article.
All right and page page six COVID VEX alarm over vulnerable aged care like if I read this to you this would make you all vomit.
Some some dude called Muhammad al far is put a complaint into the press council about the nonsensical claims in this article.
But JJ this is Australia you know and let's get let's put more of these in and by the way the TGA still hasn't approved this latest booster but they're still the epidemiologists are coming as a we need to worry about the elderly.
We need to jab them everybody not enough elderly are dying so sorry we've got to protect the elderly from dying.
Alive and well.
Stephen over to you.
Um yeah am I no I'm not muted brilliant so um thank you Charles Charles you've got the big screen I don't know why.
So for me you're you're on there.
I don't know.
Go to the top right corner go to view and go to gallery.
Yes okay.
But strangely.
Okay gallery yeah.
So just on that sir Charles what you held up that headline so they were saying all along you know the these the vulnerable people must go along and get their vaccinations and I was thinking as a doctor and thinking all the other doctors were thinking exactly the same as me.
If they're vulnerable.
They're going to be tipped over into death more easily than those who are not vulnerable so they're the very last people you should inject with experimental substances.
So JJ what do you have you got any comments on that maybe not.
Yeah I mean I like I said if they're healthy old people they don't need to be transferred.
Oh sorry.
Um as I said I think that's why I'm choosing those words because a lot of these old people were healthy and had no risk relative to transfection which has this, you know, undescribed bouquet of risks that I've tried to summarize in that list at the end.
Sure.
So they were trying to make out that they would be so when they discovered that it was possibly a problem you know with these so called vaccinations Denmark for example.
Said oh well nobody above and nobody below a certain age you know and they kept and it was in different countries the same very thing was happening.
They said but the elderly need these vaccine they must have them that the vulnerable and the elder you know the very people I was thinking.
Well hang on a minute am I the only doctor in the world who who was not thinking who was thinking that these are the very people who should not be injected with an experimental substance.
And that brings me to my next question.
I would really like to know what do you know is in these injections and I'm not talking about some of the injections all the injections around the world.
And how do you know it.
I just want to go back to the first principle so if we're in an illusion how far does the illusion stretch.
So you're talking about all these things that are in the injections how do you know what what you can talk about the lipid nanoparticles how do we know what is in any of these injections.
I think a really good answer to that would be that I'm working under the assumption that they definitely want to be able to edit.
The genome they want to be able to manipulate the immune system they want to learn how to use MRNA's they want to learn how to use retroviruses.
And the reason why I feel pretty confident when I say that not all of that is imaginary is because I was able four years to order a small tube of material.
That if I applied it correctly inside of the brain of a living mouse that the targets that I wanted to change color and also control with blue light in real time.
These were controlled manipulations that worked in predictable ways now it could be that that the the description on the bottle was a lie and that it was just you know I don't know I'm trying to come up with something that does the same thing but it's not DNA carried by
a particle adenovirus but I was buying adenovirus 25 with DNA which encoded an algal protein in it and that's what they said on the label.
And when I use that in my mice the neurons that express that gene would change electrophysiologically when I shine blue light on them with a laser.
So is this is this then evidence that adenovirus can be used in a transfection or transformation sort of way.
It's hard for me to believe that that's not the case because it works if you use it in mice that are going to die.
It works if you're going to use it in a in vitro demonstration of a electrophysiological principle in a neuronal network.
But we have known all the while that we're using it that it is a temporary manipulation that ultimately results in the death of that area of the brain or the death of those neurons that are transfected
because of course the immune system takes them out and the over expression of that foreign protein is not well regulated and so eventually that over expression kills or is toxic to those neurons.
So long story short do I know what they've done to us know but I know in my gut that they have been trying to figure out how to use this technology in humans.
And as so many of the people in this narrative have said mice lie monkeys deceive and only way to know what happens in humans is to do it in humans.
And so there is an onus that has been behind the scenes, I don't know the right word, there's been an impetus, a desire to get these on the playing field in such a way so that they could be tested.
And the limited playing field that they've been able to roll them out on up until this point has been people dying of cancer or people dying of genetic diseases.
And that that field of genetic diseases was completely brought to a crashing halt with Jesse Gelsinger and they could never go back to it.
So vaccines come become this new opportunity to allow the the experimental use of this stuff under the pretense that exactly what Peter college said we've tested it on five three billion people it's obviously safe.
Yes, so just because they there is a motive for them doing what we think they've done and them saying that they've done it doesn't mean to say that they have done it so wouldn't it be far more satisfying for these psychopaths to actually lie about that too and get people to believe
that they have tested the M RNA technologies on three billion humans or whatever it is, four point, I don't know what it is now.
But anyway, when they haven't done that at all, I'm just wondering, you know, they've lied about everything else since 2020 and maybe a little bit before but not quite as much as far as I can see.
Why do we accept anything that they say, because actually they may be maybe leading us down.
Well, wasting our time to disable us.
Yeah, I mean, I can't I can't come up with off the cuff a good good response to that other than to say that I think it would be to our disadvantage to underestimate them.
I think that that saying that they're just all it's just all a theater and they're not doing anything. They're just scaring us his to really grossly underestimate their intentions.
Their intentions are that if they can invert our sovereignty to permissions and they can start to harvest genetic and medical data from birth, not from us, but from our kids kids, then they're going to be able to feed in AI and answer these questions of, you know, how does
work and how do ribosomes work.
But the reason I was asking you, JJ, is that you're very good at going back to basics. So, you know, they might have a plan, which is even more perverse than the plan that we are accepting that they are implementing now, or have done over the last three years or two, whatever it is.
Do you see what I mean? It could be a lot worse. And so I've always wondered this. How do we know, you know, people talk about the lipid nanoparticles and the mRNA and the spike protein endlessly particular spike protein.
And I just think, well, how do we know that, you know, and when I asked, what was the name now?
The lady from Senate. I can't remember a first name.
Okay.
Yeah, I don't want to misquote her, but I think she said, well, they told us that. And I thought, well, yeah, but they could be lying about that too.
I don't trust them. I don't trust any of these people.
No, I don't trust my own government and I have good reason not to trust them because I know from personal experience. I really don't trust any of them.
I agree. And I think that's one of the reasons why I tried to summarize this, you know, Stephanie Sineff and others have gone from, you know, stage to stage, pushing the mimicry in the spike protein, pushing the toxicity and protein folding problems of the spike protein,
pushing the codon optimization of the RNA is causing different G quadriplex structures in the RNA and therefore different translations and different stop possibilities.
Then they've also talked about how the pseudo uridine also adds to this thing. And then all of a sudden now there's DNA and all this years of discussion about all these shortcomings of the transpection disappeared.
So I have to focus on the DNA adulteration in SV 40. And I think that's a magic trick. I think it's a magic trick that makes you think that makes the TV people think that there was just some adulteration and otherwise this is basically a win, which is what Peter
was doing still.
Yeah, so I had thought of a question, but now it's gone out of my head completely. I agree with you though, there's this illusion of consensus which they try to push and so we know you and I know that there was no pandemic.
There's no such thing as the possibility even of endless deadly viral pandemics which or even pandemics of concern to us in the future so the whole obsession with this is nonsense.
And so I wonder how far the lies stretch. I really do because they've lied about so much.
I would actually be lying about the.
I think they lie the lies stretch back as far as the existence of the FDA.
The lies stretch back as far as the AIDS epidemic they stretch back as far as the hepatitis V vaccines they stretch back as far as retro viruses.
The stretch back as far as the definition of modern virology as defined by David Baltimore and and gallo and gardener.
And I think you can trace it right back to this, this idea of seeding a narrative where, where again viruses are a thing whereas not, not, not studying mRNA and DNA at this size scale.
But just insisting that at this size scale, the only thing that exists are pathogenic viruses and that that bait and switch from making an observation at this size scale to attributing it exclusively to pathogenesis is the trick that they pulled with the AIDS vaccine
or the AIDS virus going back to gallo and Baltimore, I think.
Well, you could argue about AIDS that it was a failure of diagnosis precisely as I claim it was with COVID-19. There was no proper diagnosis of COVID-19 either clinically or by test.
I wanted to ask you, JJ, I don't know what your opinion you've talked about a lot of the people on our side, you know, allegedly on our side.
I just wondered what you think about David Martin's evidence.
And, you know, he talks about bioweapons, so is all the talk about bioweapons also to induce an atmosphere of fear, endless fear, and thereby which they can exploit in future.
Yeah, I think that David Martin's a really interesting guy because his stick goes back decades. More than 10 years, he's been on the news talking about patents and biology.
And so he's a really interesting guy. A lot of what he says is technically true.
But one of the things that he won't discuss, he's even mentioned infectious clones before, but what he won't discuss is this idea of RNA fidelity.
So RNA is not a pattern integrity. A pattern integrity is something that takes energy and material in, and it organizes it into the pattern, and then it expels the waste material and wastes energy maintaining the pattern.
So that's not what happens with a virus. That's just a lipid protein, a lipoprotein coat around an RNA molecule as we understand it according to their cartoon, which does not endow it with the biology of a pattern integrity.
Another name for that would be a real living thing. And so since it's not a really a real living thing, you can't attribute biological attributes to it in the same way that you can attribute it.
You can attribute attributes that you learn about squirrel ecology to attributes of perhaps rodent ecology in Africa.
You can learn about squirrels in North America and apply a lot of that ecology that you learn to your observations that you observe on another planet.
But you can't use the ecology of squirrels and predators of squirrels to make an analogy about how viruses and our own biology interact because it's not a pattern integrity.
So I really feel like this is important because what is the question I'm answering again? I'm looking down at my notes and now I got confused. Sorry.
Charles, can you remember? I honestly can't remember. But that's really... I'm sorry, JJ, I'm thinking about taking the whole thing after I asked the question.
But that's really important to know that a virus invades the cells of a host as a parasite and that even is an analogy that's borrowed from pattern integrity.
It's probably not, it's probably not, how do I say it? It's not adequate. It's not appropriate for whatever this cartoon is. It's not appropriate for that.
Oh yes, I was asking about David Monson. Yes, that's right. The bio-weapons.
That was the reason because that's where I went. So the idea of that he's not going to tell you is that what the significance of infectious clones is.
No one's really making this very clear. When you swab the anus of a bat and you put that into a cell culture and the cell culture dies and where that cell culture dies,
you take all that material and try to sequence for a coronavirus, looking for a 350 amino acid amplicon that corresponds to every coronavirus we know.
The most conserved portion of the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase. And then you make a sequence from that using metagenomics analysis of whatever else is in that sample.
And then you create an infectious clone of it in DNA. He's never going to explain to you that using the natural virus that you harvested or detected or sequenced in your cell culture to make a quantity of that virus
is physically impossible because the chemical reaction of that RNA that whatever you got out of that bat with that cell culture is necessarily a limited flash in the pan,
maybe you get enough signal to do your pan coronavirus test. But that's it.
There is no way to make a large quantity, never mind a pure quantity, of anything that they call an RNA genome unless you do it with DNA,
grow the quantity in bacteria, and then use a commercial RNA polymerase to turn that DNA into the RNA that you want to study in your cell culture.
And he can say all the things about patents he wants to. If he doesn't explain to you that even if they had that clone in a laboratory unless they made a tank of it, it wasn't going to go very far.
And it may be, I don't know, but it may be that a leak of an infectious clone is exactly what happened with the first SARS virus.
And that was a known quantity, and that known quantity went around the world and infected a whopping 10,000 people and killed less than 800.
Now, if that is what an infectious clone can do in a certain quantity, then that is not a pandemic, it's not pandemic potential, and it never will be.
And I think that all of the biology about DNA versus RNA tells us that that is the trick, that RNA, when you spill it outside, is a lot more like paint.
You can't expect all the squirrels in my neighborhood to track the paint that I spill in my backyard all over the United States.
And you can't expect RNA that's spilt in a laboratory or spilt in a market to behave as a pattern integrity and spread around the world with high fidelity for three and a half years.
There's no biology that supports that kind of point release spread. It's just not there.
So, JJ, I think you're instrumental in getting me to realize that a lot of what they're saying that they can do or are doing, they actually can't do.
And so you actually said on that you didn't actually say it outright, but they're not as clever as some of us think.
So do you still think that? Oh, absolutely.
So you were the one who got me. Absolutely I do. I mean, this is what we're dealing. I think the best analogy I have.
Sorry, JJ. Go ahead.
You also mentioned natural immunity. And I wonder whether you've had more time to think about the decline of immunologists or an immunology in in 1980.
The lack of how should we say emphasis on immunology and the rising emphasis on the virology.
And if you could say a few words, I've got one important question to ask after this, Charles.
I mean, I don't really have anything to say about it other than I just.
This is the thing they're doing there. They're trying to replace and understanding of the irreducible complexity of biology, which is what immunology is all about.
They can get little hints about how things are orchestrated, but it's very quick in immunology, very quick in neurobiology, very quick in a few of these fields.
You run into this irreducible complexity where if you're not honest, you might be able to pretend that you're making progress, but in reality, you've got to put your hands up and say we can't get past this point.
And I think they have really brainwashed people into believing that there is no irreducible complexity that modern biology can't get passed.
Yeah, so when I was a medical student, JJ, I'm the Kings of medicine, if you like, with the immunologists.
So it comes as a surprise to me that they're not listened to now because they know all about, of course, the natural immunity of which you speak, which nobody wants to discuss.
And then, of course, they want to talk about virologists all the time.
But the last question is this.
So we had an Australian barrister speaking to us on Tuesday, and his name is Julian Gillespie, and he spoke brilliantly, and I really recommend his presentation to you in particular,
because he was outlining evidence which he submitted to the EU and to the UK, but it hasn't got there, apparently.
So, yeah, we're going to try and help him with that about the evidence that so human beings who are so concerned about eating genetically modified food, because that was one of the, one of the things that they used in Brexit,
you know, to frighten the British public into, oh, you know, if we have Brexit, then we'll be getting a GMO genetically modified food from the United States of America.
And that was universally accepted as bad, you know, but all these people who wouldn't dream of eating genetically modified food go happily along and get themselves possibly,
and some would say probably, Julian Gillespie included, that they've been genetically modified.
So I wanted to, and this is really important, because if that is the case, then in my view, if we put present the message or introduce the seeds into people we're trying to influence, you know, then they will do our work for us, you know, they'll do Julian Gillespie's work as well,
because they won't, if there's any possibility in their mind that they have been permanently genetically modified without informed consent,
well, they don't realize that at the moment, but they will, then they will do our work for us.
So what do you think about that? Is there any possibility in your mind, JJ, that these people who've been injected with these experimental whatever they are,
that they've been genetically modified permanently?
I mean, if we could show that their B cell and T cell complement was permanently modified, would that be enough?
If we could show that their autoimmune response to a particular protein or a particular tissue was modified, would that be enough?
So the problem is this is a problem, and this is a big problem, and then this is the reason why I think it's a trap, because if you injected me with this mRNA and this double-stranded DNA contamination and it went all around my body,
how would you propose to find it? You could look in my sperm, you could look in my saliva, but if it's in my muscle cells and it's in every third muscle cell,
how are you going to find it? If it's in every third kidney cell, every third endothelial cell, how are you going to find the integration of that in that genome?
There's no way to sample that except for maybe a small subset of your immune system, which is, then they can say, well, we're not sure whether the DNA did this or the RNA did this,
because the whole thing was to augment the immune system. It is a nasty little distraction from the fact that transfection in its purest form was already a terrible idea.
If there's crap in it, then that makes it even worse.
Yes, but the reason I'm very interested in it, JJ, is the potential for our propaganda.
I understand, but what happens if we paid somebody a million dollars and it was like that Buckhalter guy, a Buckhalts from South Carolina and Kevin McKernan from the cannabis genetics?
Now, what if we tell those two guys, we got a million dollars, you do the test and they do the test and they don't find genetic integration? Now what?
Now we're screwed, that's what?
Now you're screwed and everybody's screwed because we just proved their point that, well, there's no genetic integration, so it wasn't that dangerous anyway, and now if we can take it out, what objection could you possibly have?
Yes, but Julian Gillespie was quoting a paper from Kevin McKernan from February 2023. Have you seen that paper?
Of course, yes, I know what they're talking about. I don't disagree that it's in there. What I disagree with is the idea of pursuing the potential biological possibilities because it's going to create the possibility that we can't find it, because if it is not in our germline,
or if it is in non-defiting cells, I don't understand how a biopsy would find it. You could look in the liver.
I mean, that's 25 minutes already.
Just say this, J.J. Professor Alexandra Henri Enchord was actually talking about the possibility of this two years ago.
I agree it's a possibility. I totally agree it's a possibility. The way that you would assay for it is another problem entirely. We'd have to start with people who are injured.
So it would be really weird.
You say, so your position is this, J.J. Correct me if I'm wrong, but you say that if you even try to prove or disprove that, you're playing into their narrative. Is that correct?
Potentially, yes. I don't think that it's necessary to pursue that in that way. Because, again, if what Kevin says, let me play devil's advocate.
If Kevin McCurnan says what he says is true, then maybe the real problem is that they lied about the plasmid that they use, not that it's in there.
And not that there's contamination, because I think all the people in the process knew that that was possible.
Maybe the reason why we need to pursue it is because they lied, and that's a very different pursuit than trying to address the biological consequences of this.
And if it's a mythology, then we're addressing the biological consequences of mythology instead of saying that, number one, they shouldn't have done it.
Number two, they definitely knew, and we have all kinds of circumstantial evidence that they've known for years that this would not work like they say.
And he posted that evidence.
All right, thank you, Adrian.
Okay, now, before we get to Elbert, I want all of you to understand, to reinforce what JJ has been sharing with us today. I want you to imagine you've entered into a contract.
In any part of your life, go get out of the medical space.
And you have agreed to pay a $100,000 for a product, a thing, a car.
And you didn't get what you paid for.
So you go to court.
And the plaintiff, who wants his $100,000, he says to the judge, Stephen Frost didn't give me my $100,000.
And you're the defendant, Stephen or JJ, and you go, I'm not going to give you the $100,000. I didn't give you the $100,000 because you didn't give me the car that I agreed to buy.
But the judge, having heard the plaintiff's case says, no, I don't want to hear anymore. I've heard enough.
And if you don't understand what I'm talking about, then you need to watch more of judge duty.
Because what we have had humanity has heard, the government has heard, we've heard the plaintiff, so I'd, we're not interested in any opposing views.
And if you're not upset about, I don't give a shit about the technology, there has been no proper defendant's case put against what's being imposed on us.
And you've got to keep this simple because we will not awaken people to say how, and we have to use this example that you have not heard the alternative story.
You've only heard the plaintiff's case.
Watch more judge duty. Get your thinking on this. We've been sold abroad. That's what JJ is telling us.
And the evidence of this is not a scientific debate. This is a sigh off.
Just get it. And we have to be as strong as we possibly can, just like Julian, and get fucking angry.
That was Julian's message as well. Get fucking angry that you're the defendant and the judge is ruled against you.
All right.
Elbert.
Yeah.
Hi, JJ.
Great.
Great presentation as usual.
For a small disclaimer for the COVID ethics audience is I follow JJ almost every night on his Twitch channel. I put the link of JJ's Twitch channel in the comments so you guys could check that out.
Yeah.
I did want to give a shout out to one of JJ's partners there, Mark.
Coolax.
Who's who's the tannics, who's the tannics. I think is he the one that found the Peter Colis video.
Yeah, both of us did.
It's really because Robert Malone actually at the announcement of the.
At the announcement of the Nobel Prize wrote a sub stack about how actually they are skipping Peter Colis and maybe Peter Colis is the guy who should really get it.
And that was the only reason why I ever found out who he was and then that led us down a real long.
Train of different companies and then I watched this video and I didn't even actually see the question and answer the first time I watched it because the video itself and the talk itself is already pretty mind blowing but then the.
Question and answer is just.
Yeah.
Well, I know how deep the rabbit hole is gone since then.
But yeah, just a shout out to use the tannics. I want to throw my some rarer out there for him.
A lot of you for him to come out and present to us here.
But with that being said, this particular zoom here medical doctors for COVID ethics man more props to Charles and and Dr Frost is that this, this is, I feel like, like this particular zoom.
Audience and channel is like the tip of the iceberg. I mean, we can, I think we can see how many, how many VIPs we have just in the audience here.
You know, Miss, Miss Vera Shahrav and Dr. Nagasi's here and Jonathan Engler and.
Jessica Hockett. I mean, the list goes on. I don't know if you realize JJ, but even Charles Ricksey was in the audience for a little while and he, he split.
I was, I was sad because I wanted the raccoon brigade to be on.
But I wanted to ask you a question about if you happen to see Thomas's Ren's big bombshell with Marjorie Taylor green a few days ago when he basically said he's got proof that this soldier in Fort Riley, Kansas.
At the army hospital there got a COVID job, COVID-19 job, but in 2014.
And that's just mind blowing because, you know, we all know that this is a fraud. So the timeline of everything is so important, but, but that particular 2014 is like pushes pushes the fraud back.
You know, while probably goes for decades, but definitely it's like, wow.
What were the, what were the details of it? Was it really, was it really a COVID shot or was it a coronavirus shot?
Well, it said, it said a Moderna, it said a Moderna COVID-19 shot on the, on the soldiers medical records. I put a link. It's further up in the, in the comments. Maybe it'll.
No, I don't have it copied.
I'd have to look. I mean, I don't, I don't know. The problem, the problem I have, and I, I'm not trying to be insulting. I'm trying to be objective.
Thomas rents is working with Andrew Huff and both of those guys have been in and out of contact with me for two and a half years and it goes hot and then it goes cold.
It's like, do you want to make some money and testify or, or give an affidavit and then it goes cold, sign this memorandum of, of whatever. And then I do that and then nothing.
And then now I haven't heard from either of them in probably a year and a half already now. So it's hard for me to understand.
And, and I can't pay attention to all of these people. And unfortunately, I've kind of stopped paying attention to Thomas rents because of his association with Andrew Huff, who I'm not really convinced about, but it's, it's not just trying to be objective.
We can't pay attention to everything. And there's some other things that have kept me from processing that.
Fair enough, JJ.
It's pleasure. It is pleasure, pleasure for me to be on your team, JJ. God bless you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Elbert. Last from Sweden, I believe.
That's correct.
I have a question for you, Stephen Frost. He asked the question about your view on David Martin.
And I think actually that you and David are probably a little closer together than you assume.
If I could arrange a discussion between you and the David in this forum, would that be interesting for you?
Absolutely. Absolutely. Of course I would.
I'll see if I could do that because I think between the two of you, you have a lot of interesting substance.
Sure. I've tried before to get him to let me interview him and it might just be that he gets, you know, inundated with emails and I'm just another blip.
So if you can do that, that would be great. I'd love to interview him and also be on here with him. That would be great.
Great. Thank you.
I think Lex is up.
All right. He has Lex trousers. He's not there at the moment. Anyway, so go ahead, Lex.
I have a short question and then a comment, a few comments about the lipid nanoparticle. I'll be very brief, Stephen.
My question to JJ is, how long do you think the lipid nanoparticle stays in a human body?
How long does it stay like forever or does it get degraded, absorbed, metabolized?
What's your thinking on this?
Are you going to make the comments now or do you want me to answer that question first?
Well, you can answer the question.
I'll talk about what I found about the other.
Extremely short answer would be, I have no idea. I know from listening to Peter Coles and others that there are many manipulations that they can do chemically to the lipids to change their dwell time to change their uptake rate to.
They can coat them with different things. They can pass them through the liver. So the liver coats them with things.
But you've heard it briefly earlier. I don't think they really know. And I think their assumption is really based on what they're trying to accomplish in a grant application.
If they're trying to accomplish a very temporary expression of a protein, then they'll tell you it lasts for a few days or maybe a week.
And if they're trying to replace a gene that's missing, they'll tell you that we can express a protein for months.
And so to me, I think this is one of the places where the most hand waving about the fidelity of understanding has occurred.
And so I would definitely not have a reasonable answer. I don't know. I would expect that it's much worse and much longer and less temporary than they say.
And I also think that repeated exposure to it has unforeseen consequences that might be less if there was a possibility where you could just be...
I mean, I'm saying something really stupid here that I don't believe, but maybe if you only had to transfect somebody once and it would work, I could imagine maybe in cancer or something.
That's a legitimate therapy. But once you need to do it repeatedly, I think there is no example.
I can't do it on a laboratory. I mean, let me give you the briefest example I can when I do that in a mouse.
And when they do it in other labs with more in vivo experiments, live experiments.
So I would always do the transfection of the mouse. The mouse is just living in its cage.
And then when I want to do my measurements, the mouse gets sacrificed. I dissect the brain very quick under ice.
I make really small slices and put them under a microscope with physiological conditions and bubbling water.
And they last for about four hours, and I can make a few experiments, and then that mouse is gone forever.
Now, we understand how to use it as a tool like that, but we don't use those mice for years.
If you transfect a mouse and change its brain in a way that you think you understand, you can study the effects of that manipulation for about six weeks at maximum.
And then the immunological consequences of that manipulation are going to outweigh, overtake, and eventually destroy any meaningful data that you're going to get from the manipulation when it was working.
And so we know from working on all levels of laboratory animals, from cell culture to drosophila, which is a fly to mice and ferrets and monkeys,
that transfection is a very transient and potentially dangerous manipulation that has a time limit based on the immune response.
So we have never, in a biological, on the bench use, repeatedly transfected an animal. We do it once.
We watch the changes of the manipulation, and we sacrifice the animal. That's how it's done.
There is no animal model of a disease or an animal model of a therapy where an animal is getting regular injections of a transfection that end up replacing a protein and making the symphony sing again.
That has never, ever, and Peter Cullis just said it never, ever been done.
And so that's why they're exclusively focused right now on vaccines, because then you're not thinking about this giant limitation, which it really is.
I was more wondering, after six months, the lipid nanoparticle is gone or a third year or something like that.
Oh, I see. And I don't think they know. And I don't think we can know, because in theory, those lipids would incorporate into the membranes that they fuse with.
And so then I don't know how quickly they're processed. Sorry.
So now I'll move on to my quick comments about the lipid nanoparticle. And I'll be very brief.
I read the Pfizer contract with the European Union.
In it, there is a document called the technical specification of the lipid nanoparticle. It lists like four lipids.
And there's a form inside that document. And the form number is INX followed by a bunch of numbers.
And I believe that INX stands for INX pharmaceutical or INX biopharma, which is the predecessor company of TechMera.
And then TechMera in 2015 became Arbutus pharmaceutical.
And I went deep into the financial statements of that publicly listed company.
And I found out that in 2015, Vivek Ramashwami, who's a contender for the GOP nomination, acquired Arbutus.
So, can you tell me, can you say that name better, which is our cutest? What are you saying? Can you spell it maybe?
Arbutus, A-R-B-U-T-U-S.
And that descended from TechMera?
What I'm saying here is that in the United States, you have a fake nomination run for the Republican nomination.
There's Vivek Ramashwami, I think the second or the third in line.
And in 2015, using a company that he incorporated less than a year before, he acquired Arbutus.
And Arbutus is the company that owns the tech of the LNP.
I see.
All right. So, this is very interesting that on one end, we've got Trump, we signed on Operation Warp Speed.
And then a few years later, we have Vivek Ramashwami, who's like quote-unquote running against Trump, but I don't think he is.
And that guy acquired the LNP and all the clinical history and all of it.
And I found that out in the financial statements of Arbutus.
And I've written quite a bit about it.
And there's also like some shenanigans about how it was done, and I won't go into those details.
But if you want to know more about it, you can reach out to me.
I'm very easy to find on the internet. You just Google my name.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you very much for that.
Oh, there's one last thing. One last thing. One last thing. Very important.
Vivek Ramashwami, when he was at Arbutus, he wrote a paper called, titled,
At Humanities Boundary, Ethical Issues in the Creation of Human Animal Chimera.
Unfortunately, I'm not able to access the Harvard Library.
Would there be anyone on this call who has access to the Harvard Library and would be able to dig up that paper for me?
I would love to read it.
Me too.
All right.
So I really want that paper. I have no access to it.
I need someone who can access like the Hollis Harvard Library.
And I can drop it. I can drop in the chat like the name and the link of that paper.
I really want it because it would give me an indication of what's in the headspace of Vivek Ramashwami in 2015 when he acquired the LNP.
Lex, I probably have access through a member of the family to that library.
Please, I'm going to drop the details in the chat. I'd like to follow up on this just for my curiosity.
To remind me, can you just email me? And then I see it then.
Okay.
And Diana and Diana also put a note in the chat there, Lex, so communicate with her.
All right. Thank you. Thank you for listening.
Diana, who is that, Charles?
Diana Henry.
Oh, yeah. Okay.
Thank you, Lex. Again, everybody, note that you have a request. You have a problem.
You post it here. There's a lot of there's a lot of minds available here and one's idea sparks and other.
So that's the point of coming together and you get into the habit of being able to ask questions and get a lead.
I am terrified. It's Daniel Nagasi.
You are one of the people that spoke out the earliest in my view.
And I have a lot of respect for you. I haven't really seen a lot of you since the beginning of the pandemic.
But what I saw was somebody going out in public and putting their physical and their voice behind the claims.
And I just want to say it right away. I don't know what your comments are going to be, but you're a hero in my book.
Yeah, I agree with you.
Thank you very much.
Right.
Daniel's shocking reception.
I've muted you and mute yourself. Try again.
Can you get me now?
Daniel, you've got a terrible broadband connection by the south.
Yeah, we can't even. Oh, okay. That sucks.
No, maybe I can go in and out a little bit better.
Is that better? A little bit. Yes.
Oh, thank you.
It's an honor.
Daniel, it's really not working.
You're breaking up, Daniel.
Try it.
Jump back.
Can you try and get a better connection?
There's not two of us needing to do this.
We'll be talking over each other.
Yeah, sorry.
I'll moderate it. If we can't hear Daniel, it's clear. He'll have to call back. We'll try one more time.
Daniel, try and unmute. See if it works. Otherwise, we'll get a Caledean cotton log back in.
No, no good.
All right, Daniel, you have to log back in or do something. Caledean.
Hey, thank you.
JJ.
Hello.
Good to see you again.
JJ's muted. Oh, sorry.
I wasn't muted. Oh, yeah. Good to see you again. Hello.
This may be an oversimplification, but you had mentioned something about a blue light with your mice that you were working with.
And in our neighborhood and throughout our city about every other street light now is becoming a blue light.
Does that have any correlation at all?
No, it doesn't.
Blue light is not really good for a lot of other reasons, but it just happens to be that the.
That the protein that we were able to use and was was was optimized for that use in in the.
In in neurobiology, they optimized it for the cheapest laser color.
So it's kind of a.
I mean, red's okay, but but this this protein can react to a lot of different colors and they chose blue because that's one of the cheaper.
I believe one of the cheaper laser LEDs to make. So it has nothing to do with that.
And if these proteins, I mean, you can talk to the inventor of this technology.
This is wholly inappropriate for any kind of manipulation or correction medically.
It's really a bench tool for the manipulate short term manipulation of a biological substance or a biological system.
So I don't think they're related. Sorry.
Thank you.
Yep.
And then you've got a lovely blue light behind your left ear that we can see.
On your window.
And well, I'm stuffed back in my bathroom packing and while I'm packing to leave for the.
I didn't want to miss JJ's.
So I thought, Hey, but good decision, good, good decision.
All right.
Yes, thanks. Giving is coming up. So all of that stuff is happening.
All right. Hands Benjamin often called Benjamin JJ to save your words or Benjamin over to you.
Yeah. Thank you. Thank you for a very instructive talk. So, but it's rather far away from what I'm doing.
And just to connect actually the two fields.
I was always wondering, you know, in computer science, as you may know, a lot of victim from the medical profession, namely famous Alan Turing.
You know, he was investigating, you know, essentially the blueprint for computers very early on.
And one of the prime issues there is how do you bring a computer program to hold?
And as we know, this poses a problem whenever we have a machine crashing.
Now, what I've not seen actually being discussed in this context of, you know, microbiology is.
So in many of these processes, you actually you try to trigger something, but it's actually never being discussed.
How do you stop the processes? Whatever you are actually trying to launch.
So why is this not the case? Because we know that even in this very abstract, nearly mathematical sense.
It's very difficult if you have a set of operations, you know, and which consecutively trigger each other.
How do you bring this thing to a halt? And why do a biology, of course, everything is way, way more complicated.
So how can we then use our technological knowledge to somehow embark on something?
And you don't know where it's going to end up. And I find this actually frightening.
Why is nobody talking across the disciplines? Because I think this is a very vital issue.
So, but maybe, I mean, you must certainly know more about this.
Well, I would just.
You know, so Hans Benjamin is a professor of theoretical physics.
And he's an expert on the Nord Stream pipeline explosions.
I can only answer with.
I think that that the reference that I made before to life being a pattern integrity and that there being some irreducible complexity there.
I think that's really almost the main objective of the pandemic and the science that preceded it is this.
I mean, the trans the trans human agenda can't proceed if the common knowledge of the average person is that somewhere there's an irreducible complexity, a sacredness that we can't really pass.
And that, that I think is sort of the idea with regard to, if you teach biology the right way and you understand it as a pattern integrity, then all of these manipulations seem terrifying.
And it is, it is really what Peter Callis said there.
If you're causing adverse events, just stop giving it and then everything will go back to normal.
That absolutely ridiculous assumption is the, the inverse of what you just said, which is how do we stop this stuff and what kind of changes are we permanently making to this ongoing process that we think we can just tweak.
A few years ago, I actually critiqued a presentation by the lady from Moderna.
And what I explained was that if you think of the immune system and its function as a stage production that includes a orchestra in the orchestra pit.
And the, the, the play starts and in the second act, the, the director of the play realizes that there are instruments missing.
And so the way that they fix it is that they give a bunch of those instruments to little kids and tell them to march out on stage.
That's not going to be a useful augmentation to what was probably an okay show that was just missing some percussion.
And so what we're doing here is exactly the same thing where we're arrogantly saying that we can augment a ongoing set of complex processes that we can't even describe in their, in their, in their default form.
And their default operation. So I agree wholeheartedly with that.
And I love the fact that, that you, that you jumped on the idea that all of these processes in biology are absolutely impossibly complex.
And we used to have a real healthy respect for that, but we seem to have lost it.
Yeah, thank you very much. Actually, in this context, if I'm allowed to make another remark, because I came a booklet by Bob Loughlin, he won the Nobel Prize in physics in 1998.
And I think the book is only available in, in Germany's German translation.
And it's more or less the title says, you know, crime on rationality, you know, fraud and in the society in the knowledge society.
And what he actually says right in his first chapter is people are not aware that we actually have outsourced a lot of gain of knowledge in the labs.
It actually into labs, which are completely secret. They are like defense labs. They are labs of companies.
And we have a public have no way to actually know what's going on.
And it's particularly true and worrisome in physics. And I presume probably the same in biology as we've learned from this move on the story, you know, it's incredibly.
So actually, we have no idea. Nobody is actually telling what to do about if allowed to do and what is not allowed to be done.
And so, and I mean, he wrote this book like 14 years ago, I think like 2008 and something.
So he already foresaw it because he was actually working in Lawrence Livermore National Lab, which is the U.S. weapon laser weapon lab.
So he knows what he is talking about. Right. So I just wanted to say that it's, I mean, what you just mentioned for biology that a lot of stuff is done being done secretly and people are just sleepwalking into something.
Same mode for physics as well. So we really seem to have a large fraction of knowledge, which is just somehow put into a locked into a copper that it's not visible to us.
Actually, for decades, no, in nuclear technology, it's actually, it's never actually being known. It's only, you only know what man is too late.
And so would you, could you cite any examples in physics where they have exaggerated the threat of something in order to get more funding for it or exaggerated the threat of something to hide the threat of another thing?
My example would be that from the very beginning, they have been using people, and in particular, the one that really gets stuck in my teeth is Kevin S felt because Kevin S felt working at MIT has perfected two different forms of synthetic biology, one being the gene drive
and the other being directed evolution of enzymes and toxins.
And these two synthetic biological processes, in my humble opinion, are actually the synthetic biology we need to be afraid of them using.
And yet that guy was the guy that they chose to put in front of Congress and say the gain of function in viruses is the thing that we need legislation about and we need to be put into jail for.
And I'm wondering if there's something in physics that's like that, where the shiny object over here gets everybody to argue, and in reality, the guys that are tweaking over here are the ones, and that's not even discussed.
I would say it's in two aspects. What I saw now with my diverted discussion here, but what I saw with my reaction to my investigations is on the use of nuclear devices, is that people have this also triggered by movies and public opinion.
And what we have is huge nuclear explosions, this huge fireball, and everybody notices when this goes off, and that's three seconds before the end of the world.
But actually, they have completely missed the development that there has been a push, actually, since the 90s, to develop weapons between the normal conventional and growth weapons, battlefield weapons and nuclear weapons, because there was a huge gap in between.
Now, this gap has been closed, and nobody knows about it. You're being attacked for actually pointing it out, and you can listen to Congress hearings where people say, and they say, oh, we need to develop these things in order to deter Russia.
But again, low-yield nuclear weapons to deter Russia, so what is actually your intention, really? So you may want to.
So I think it's a lot of, as you say, you somehow divert attention in a very stable way, and actually the big things are really being hidden, and nobody talks about it, and this is completely dangerous.
I know you will be silenced, and that's what happened to the counter debate, as I said earlier.
Opposition is silenced, and Benjamin, you're being silenced, and all of us need to know it on the work you've done on Nord Stream, so all of us have to use our resources.
I'll give you another example on aviation, the impending disaster in aviation, of damaged pilots, and from these jabs, and Captain Shane Murdoch, who I work closely with, who I've interviewed.
Now he's getting traction on his article that he published months ago, and you just have to keep pumping it out there, you just have to keep pumping it out there.
Now before we go to Jim, I've got Daniel's question here, JJ. So it's in the chat. I'll read it so you can pretend I'm Daniel.
How accessible is independent DNA sequencing? No university labs in Canada will sequence samples of alleged mRNA.
He goes on, I suspect 10 years in the future, the mass injection campaign of 20 to 22 has created a new market for genetic testing, and then an expensive market for gene unediting therapy to cure the DNA mRNA small fragment RNA alterations to the genomes of people who took the injection.
Oh my gosh, I'm really not happy with that question.
I haven't thought about that, Daniel, and everyone. I hadn't thought about that.
It's definitely possible, even if these demons know that there was no integration, that sounds like a really good mythology that would move a lot of money, and get a lot of emergency youth authorizations.
I think it's an extraordinary nasty possibility that I hadn't really registered yet, and yeah, I don't know what to say other than it's a great question, it's totally possible.
I'm still erring on the side of them using this as a distraction to try and forgive people. Again, the story is going to be that they rushed it, and that if they'd taken their time, all of this could have been avoided, whatever this is.
And the people that watch TV think this is very tiny, and the people on our side think it's almost everybody that took the shot, and so that debate's not occurring in light of the adulteration.
But it's a wonderful question. Thanks, Daniel, and like I said, you're a hero to me, so it's great that you were here. I'm sorry we couldn't talk.
And Daniel also put in the chat, JJ, that he thanks you for exposing Robert Malone, so that you put that into the chat.
So don't forget to save the chat. All right, we've got 25 minutes to go, we've got Jim and Jonathan, and then we'll go back to Stephen.
We'll finish in 25 minutes, JJ, are you okay for the next 25 minutes? Sure, no problem.
All right, Jim.
Hey, JJ, thanks very much. Great work.
Your University of Pittsburgh specializes in anthrax, I guess, and it's going to be some very important work in the future.
My question to you is what's in those vaccines, or what's in the vials, and the mRNA technology versus the DNA plasmids.
Recent evaluations have shown that there are DNA plasmid various fragments, and you've pointed out throughout your talks that there are various pieces of this spike protein being pumped out.
And I've been seeing some people who are in trials for mRNA vaccines, and they have to be administered within two or three hours after thawing.
That's for like real gene therapy, but these vaccines, once they thawed them, then they use them for days.
Is it possible that the mRNA is not making these spike proteins?
The mRNA is, you know, a few minutes after it's thawed, then it does work.
But the real manufacture of these spike proteins is from the DNA plasmids that may be incorporating into the gut, or wherever, through the E. coli.
So there's a couple angles there that I want to hit.
So the first one is the incorporation into gut bacteria.
That's a really big stretch from intramuscular injection.
It assumes quite a few things that I don't think are very likely, but that doesn't mean that it won't happen.
I think there is more of an impetus for them to get access to exactly the same way that Daniel Nagasi was suggesting there.
They want to get access to the excuse to sequence everything and anything they can sample.
So if they can get people convinced that the microbiome is something that everybody should use metagenomics to sequence, then they'll definitely go for that.
With regard to the DNA versus the mRNA, I'm still in my mind not totally convinced that the DNA matters relative to the RNA.
So it is really just from my own experience, but my own experience is twisted in that sense.
If you were paying, if I was doing my job correctly, you heard me say that the tool that I used was an adenovirus, and that means it's using DNA.
And every once in a while, we were also using mRNA for a similar thing.
So I did some small interfering RNA knockdowns of nicotinic receptors and things like that, which is injecting mRNA and then using that to downregulate the expression of proteins.
And so I have some in my imagination already bias that I can't get rid of because the way that I understand the application of these technologies is really, really limited.
Even when we do it in the mice, keep in mind that we drill a hole in the skull and inject anatomically directly into the brain.
And so there's also the blood brain barrier keeping that adenovirus transfection from leaving the brain and going throughout the body.
And we would never think to inject the mouse with that adenovirus and hope that it would get to the brain.
And so there's a, I'm not, I don't want to discount it. What I really want to emphasize just to make sure that everybody understands is that the randomness of this, if you're taking this lipid nanoparticle and just say you're only paying attention to the double stranded DNA in there.
If it is to incorporate where will it incorporate in your endothelial cells is one of the highest likelihood places.
How will you biopsy that? How will we find out that that happened?
And what will the consequences be if the endothelial cells aren't really dividing?
The spike protein is almost certainly produced by the mRNA. The question is how pure is the mRNA?
How active is it? And you're questioning about temperature is really valid.
That's another reason why just to throw that out there, why we shouldn't take the results of Kevin McCurnan and Buckhalter totally seriously.
Why? Not because they're liars, but because the FDA won't take them seriously because they don't have a chain of custody.
And so they'll say that, well, whatever vaccine they had is not an official vile anymore because it wasn't stored at temperature.
We don't have a chain of custody. You don't have proof that your stuff was calibrated.
They'll have a whole list of things, why that's not true.
And then they won't ever give us a sample to use. So it's really going to be tricky.
We're trying to work behind the scenes to get Kevin McCurnan and Buckhalts from South Carolina to take samples from a colleague that we have in Germany
who is actively transfecting cell cultures with the mRNA so that she can use that as a control when people are doing autopsies.
And so she wants to send some of these transfected cell lines over to Kevin and over to Philip so that they can do their sequencing and see if in that cell culture we're already getting genetic integration.
That would probably be the best first pass test. But again, if that happens and they say they don't find anything, then what?
And that's the danger because we're setting ourselves up for something that we don't need to be set up for because from the very beginning,
transfection was already wholly inappropriate for healthy humans.
But I understand your question. I don't really have a good answer. I just talked a long time and didn't really answer it probably.
Okay, thanks. And just as on the side, if you ever get a chance to talk with Jason McClellan who invented the spike protein that's allegedly made by the by the SARS-CoV-2 vaccines, that would probably be very good.
Jason McClellan, MC Capital, L-E-L-A-N from the University of Texas, Austin, and he designed it on a supercomputer called Longhorn.
And I think that your discussion with him would be very beneficial.
Awesome. Thanks for that tip.
Well done. Thanks. Thank you, Jim. Three questions to go then, Stephen. Jonathan, welcome. Good to see you.
Hi. Hi. How are you?
Excellent. Hello.
Hi. Can you hear me? Okay.
Yep.
JJ, I just wanted to...
Somebody, one of my colleagues in heart actually poured me a question to ask, which was really about the book, about the RFK book.
Because the title of the RFK book, obviously, it suggests that its theme is very much a counter to your view.
I mean, yeah, we're talking about the Wuhan cover-up and the bio-weapons arms race, et cetera, et cetera.
So presumably your contribution, your chapter, is very much at odds with the overall thrust of the book.
And I was curious to know how hard it was to convince the RFK to include that material,
whether there was any form of negotiation or...
I mean, it's very good that your views, which of course I completely concur with, are in there because it acts as a counterweight to the overall thrust of the book.
But are you sort of optimistic that your message can cut through the overall theme of the book, which is that we need to stop getting a function of research because of what it did?
So I don't know how successful I will be, but I'm going to show you this here. This is the index.
And you see Jonathan Cooe here in all the places where they quote me.
And then you'll notice up above there's all the references to coronaviruses.
And I'm pretty much in every one of those sections providing an alternative to the narrative of gain of function being useful in that way.
But I do need to put a caveat out there that it became very clear early on that I was going to be allowed to put my counter narrative in there, but also Bobby's objective was to keep this a sort of historical document of what people claimed.
And that was the rubric that was running through my head.
So when I insert into the book, I'm always inserting another way to interpret this, or if you listen to these words carefully, they're admitting this is a limitation, but then they're exaggerating the threat.
To be honest, I feel very good that if you take all the things that I put in the book and you just cut them out and put them in sequence, it's actually pretty extraordinary what I managed to get in there.
But the way that it's scattered throughout the book, it's still going to come off as one of a plethora of possibilities.
And since 500 pages are devoted to bioweapons and only eight index things are devoted to biological posits, you can rest assured that this is exactly how I used it in my chat.
It's just another compilation of what I think we should interpret as a long drawn out process to in secret try to discover as much of biology as we can, while creating this hypothetical threat that requires a never ending public health state, because they knew that at some point this was going to be the only way that they were going to make progress.
And I think they knew that already long ago with the special virus cancer program or special cancer, whatever it's called.
They've known it since AIDS. They've known that they're going to need to make this transition.
I've shown a video from a guy by the name of Brzoski, who's talking about how, you know, we've used live attenuated vaccines to do this, all this other stuff.
Now we're going to make vaccines for chronic disease. And that's not an equivalent biologically, but it is in their illusion that vaccines, we can tweak the immune system to cure anything, you know, a vaccine for for diabetes isn't theory possible with this kind of mythology.
I think that's where they've taken us.
And I will agree with you wholeheartedly that it was a struggle.
I mean, it consumed us for nine months, almost a year.
And, and there were a few times when, when I wasn't happy, but I can confirm now that I've held the book that everything that I, I got in there before the final edit is still in there. So now we just have to teach it, I think.
Well, thank you. Thanks for your time.
By the way, I sent you an email earlier.
I read it and I'm really happy you did. Thank you.
All right. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Jonathan. Two questions. John, John B. John. Was it the Sloot? John B. Well, go call you. He came on the Sloot? John B.
Grandpa.
You look so handsome with your hair grown out. I haven't seen you in a while. You look 10 years younger, man.
Oh, thanks. Yeah. I haven't been this long and maybe, I don't know, 15 years, 20.
Yeah. I haven't had time to do it. Hey, how are you? I'm okay, man. Good to see you.
It's your book. Is your book done yet?
Books been done since May. It's the editing and all the other crap finding a publisher and I couldn't find a publisher who wants to even pick it up. I finally found one. So we're looking at December shipping. It'll be on Amazon pre-order in a week.
But I got the Minnesota memorandum coming out. That's not going to be for everybody. It's a notice of criminal liability for a murder.
To the CDC FDA, NIH, all the directors, underlings, it'll go to six state attorneys general.
And hopefully, hopefully it'll get before the Florida grand jury. It's 100 pages of hard facts.
And 150 pages of graphs, 400 graphs, Minnesota and Massachusetts, really comprehensive.
But hey, what do they want to ask or say or ask?
Oh, with regard to the whole plasma thing.
The, you know, I don't, you know, I don't do biology. I just, you know, my eyes glaze over, but where it comes to law.
Just the fact that they'll find it and that the FDA didn't look for it and that they.
They lied to the FDA.
And no, they're not going to get away with it. I don't want to.
I'm going criminal, but for all the civil lawsuits out there.
It enables that stupid prep act will from his conduct exception.
It's almost a slam dunk. So if they can prove it, then the floodgates are going to open for the lawsuits.
So it's not really, I mean, it's stupid as a biology thing, but it's a good thing for the legal side. I just wanted to comment on that.
I wouldn't be too hard on that. You know, where I stand on that. Yeah.
Can I ask you a question to follow up on that? What do you think about the idea that.
Ships that they can the FDA, what I explained earlier in the talk is that the FDA knows how to regulate protein biologics because when they make protein biologics, they use bacterial culture and recombinant DNA.
And they know exactly how to get it out. It's a very expensive process and I and exchange chromatography.
Now, the FDA knows that standard. So the argument that I see coming is that the providers of the mRNA wouldn't have to tell the FDA that they couldn't get that stuff out using the gold standard of purification because that wouldn't work to separate DNA from RNA because they're both nucleic acids.
They're both charged. So the anion chromatography won't work for them. So I'm still skeptical that the FDA is just not going to go, yeah, we knew that.
And this was an emergency and they knew that and this was an emergency and they said we could do it and we did it.
I'm not saying you're wrong. I'm just, I'm just trying to be devil's advocate and see the worst case scenarios being them just going, yeah, we knew that, but it was a pandemic.
That's a good point. That's a good point. But where it comes to what is codified, it doesn't matter if they say, yeah, we knew that or they knew that or we knew that they knew it.
All the talk and the bullshit excuses don't matter if something's codified in one, they didn't do it. So, I mean, we know that the FDA is complicit in a reco conspiracy.
It's not the drug manufacturers alone. They'll do all kinds of stuff if you let them get away with it. It's the FDA that's letting them get away with it.
But when it comes to these stupid legal loopholes and nuances, I think this is going to be a good one.
And I don't know the law well enough, but in speaking to Warner, I went down to Florida last Saturday and did that.
John Lattelle is a really great guy. They had 800 people. 800 people went to that thing. I mean, the COVID litigators conference was 200. I thought that was big.
It 800. Amazing. So I'll stop and let Tessa ask a question, but yeah, just look from the legal perspective and let's talk more soon.
I haven't done much of anything. I'm trying to get this book done. I'm just exhausted.
Now it's time for a book tour, so we've got to get on my show. Oh, I know. I know. I'm scared. It's going to be so much time. Right. Sorry. I'll be quiet.
John, John, you're exhausted because all that energy's gone into the growing that here. It's quite clear.
It's not curling here. It's growing over here.
Well, then on your work and congratulations on getting that point. We look forward to the book. All right, Tessa and then Steven, and then we're done.
Well, thank you. JJ, you're wonderful as usual, and it's good to see you again. And I apologize. I've been dealing with major targets hacking for like a couple of months now. So if I can stay in line for a couple of hours, it's a miracle and I couldn't.
So I have a question in the comment adjacent to what she was saying, and it kind of touches upon what JJ you and I were talking about. I think when I interviewed you a while ago.
So I've been working on this theory for over a year, and I have to say met with some opposition and my life became difficult when I touched upon that, which makes me think maybe there's some truth to that.
So the theory is twofold. And by the way, Steven, I tried to email you. I don't know what we're going to talk. And then I don't know if you got the rest of my emails because my emails disappear too.
So twofold. One, what was COVID? And I think a lot of COVID symptoms had to do with latent infections, bacterial parasitic fungal. And there's tremendous amount of literature to the fact of COVID lungs, for example, the classic opaque, you know, the broken glass lung.
There is farmers lung, which is molds, there's toxo, there's bacteria. And so my theory is that whatever happened in 2020, and it could be many things. It could be 5G. It could be by weapon or not. It could be stress. It could be God knows what any amount of things.
It kicked into high gear. The latent infections that people lived with for years, perhaps not very happily, but they could handle and then something happened they could not handle anymore.
And there could be spike protein. I'm not considered an expert in spike protein. So I cannot attest to that. But even without it, there's plenty of reasons. But then the other part of it is it has large, very large communications implications.
And that would be wild contaminations outside of transfections, which is, of course, genetic modification of anything. It's a horror of forest. I think we're all agreeing that on many, many grounds.
But the theory that I was working on and desperately trying to get help to test the vials for a range of things is that if proven, and I think it's true, it would give us great ability to communicate to mainstream people.
And it has to do with contamination of vials with very earthly organisms, bacteria, parasites, molds, and Garth Nicholson, for example, is working on, you know, for many years on micro plasma contaminations.
And again, if it is proven that, for example, those things are in the vials, and let's not forget, there have been recalls, official recalls of J&J for molds.
They were called over view in doses, then there were reports of actual molds found in the room where Pfizer and Moderna vaccines were prepared.
And I think it goes way back. I think it's not limited to COVID injections. I think it goes way, way, way back to traditional injections.
And there's vast literature linking those various bugs to neurological symptoms to even sudden death, cardiac death, and many, many things.
So if that can be proven that those things potentially at least in some vials, then it gives us great opportunity to talk to a New York Times reader, because plasmid, for example, they're probably there, and it's probably horrible, but it's a cryptic word.
But if you tell them, by the way, molds were injected into your parents arm, and that's why biologically it's easy to prove that's why they're having those neurological symptoms, for example, that's a whole different story in terms of communication.
So, J&J, I would love to hear your thoughts about that.
So, I don't discount the idea that transfection is going to weaken your immune system. There's a paper, at least one from the Netherlands, that showed that there's a differential immune activation after transfection that changes the response to bacterial and fungal antigens.
So I don't think that the idea is wrong.
It's just difficult for me to, it would be difficult for me to justify putting too much emphasis on that, only because I don't want to confuse people.
And if I have somebody's ear, the thing that I try to focus on is that first line, that if transfection was done in a craft brew, you know, perfect way, it would still be a terrible thing to do to your children.
It would be a terrible thing to do to your grandmother if you wanted to be around another 20 years.
It would be a terrible thing to use under the hubris that these people who are advocating for its use understand the consequences of it.
And so, if these are contaminated, it's an addition, but I don't think it's something that we can lead with, but I would not discourage you from doing it simply because we should throw as much to the wall.
As we can in whatever sticks we should all push.
But it's a lot more variables then.
And then there's a lot more tests that need to be done and a lot more investigation that needs to happen.
I have no doubt in my mind that anything like this that you described and haven't listed but could add to this list would just be better in terms of creating the confusion and uncertainty and doubt that everybody needs in order to be hustled into this assumption
that, well, we made a lot of mistakes, but this time, next time, or whatever, we're going to do it better.
But I do remember you talking about that when we discussed it and I actually looked a lot into toxoplasmosis because I didn't know much about it until our interview.
So, I hope that's kind of an answer.
I mean, I'm not, I don't know.
Thank you now.
That's a good answer.
I think it makes sense that each of us does what, you know, if you're most passionate about.
In this case, it's a, it's a separate problem.
And when I play mRNA is bad and it's bad going forward no matter what it is, but then going backwards.
If vaccines are routinely contaminated with crap and various bugs that nobody tests for because the standards are really bad, then it might have greatly contributed to the dementia epidemic and autism epidemic because all of that in literature, those bugs are linked to both of that.
And my fear, well, not fear.
My concern is that the pharmaceutical industry know too well about this biological contamination problem going back, back, back, probably decades, 1986, and probably even before that, but they became bold after 1986.
And they know they created it.
And so now they're going to build a narrative saying, Oh, by the way, we have all those infections on the rise and the microbial resistance.
There's another vaccine or 10 vaccines.
And they probably want to cover up what they created over the decades.
So looking at that angle helps to look at what has been historically done through vaccines in general.
And even the best one, theoretically working well, if it's contaminated, it's going to create problems.
And for a person in the mainstream, who's ears, I think we really need to defeat the great reset and all that because we can't do it in a small dissident community.
The idea that they might have injected their baby with mold pathogenic bacteria.
And in this case, with COVID injections that have immunosuppression built in by default, if some bad bug was injected and it went into blood.
And there was immunosuppressant that came with it and it caused problems.
It's a very clean explanation of problems when doesn't require conversation about genocide or the population or any of those things that they don't want to hear about.
And so I think from the communication perspective, it would be and also lawsuits, as John mentioned, if that's proven that that would be really powerful.
All right, we'll take that as a comment, Tessa, we've got to go.
Stephen, thank you, Tessa.
Each one of us has to express it as we see it, and there'll be a piece of magic that grabs it.
So each one of us has to keep assets.
So, Stephen, next few minutes for you, and then we're going to finish.
Thank you, Tessa.
So, JJ, why do you think it is that so few people, even really good people on our side,
are prepared to seem very few people I find are incapable or they don't want to consider all possibilities?
It's a very easy explanation for that.
I'm sorry that it has to be such an easy explanation, but I am absolutely, I would bet my whole family on it,
that people like Peter McCullough, people like Pierre Corey, that spoke out very early, were given two options.
Either you shut up about most of this stuff and sell a book about this and talk about this stuff or will ruin your life.
And we'll give this opportunity to someone else.
This is a national security priority.
You'd have no idea what we could potentially be facing, and the American apparatus needs your help.
So here's the deal.
This is the list of things you can talk about.
This is the list of things you will not question.
If you stick to this list, you're going to be fine.
You're going to be a famous guy, and you'll be one of the leaders that gets us out of this.
If you don't stick to this list, we'll ruin your career, we'll burn your family, and you'll never work in a reasonable place in the medical field again.
And they gave that offer to lots of people that spoke up.
They gave that offer to lots of people on substack.
They gave that offer to lots of people who took the job in 2021 and said, oh yeah, I can cover that.
And voila, here we are.
A bunch of people who all have a very specific job stopping and starting the train.
And that performance has all different people.
Some of them are using a broom, and some of them are using rope, and some of them are working together and pulling on each other.
And it all becomes this very convincing dance.
But as long as they don't question the fact that the train's on a schedule, that the engine's working, that the brakes working, and somebody's driving it, then the illusion continues.
But JJ, don't you think that the people that we're talking about who won't consider all possibilities and certainly won't talk about them, that they didn't need?
I'm not sure whether they didn't need much convincing, because human beings are like that.
I wouldn't have needed much convincing.
If they would have come to me when I was riding my bicycle and talking about lab leak and said, we need your help, and you're going to go on the Joel Rogan show in six months.
If you keep focused on the lab leak, do you think that I would not have been vulnerable to that level of ego and fame attack?
This would have been lost for me, and I would have been a hero and gladly taken it.
Part of the reason why this didn't happen is because I was not offered.
There's a very fine line between being able to see through it and being bamboozled by it, and if they pulled up and said, we're going to take care of your family, you're going to be great, you know, Alex Berenson, we're going to censor you, and then you can sue Twitter, and then we'll make you famous.
I mean, they could have offered that to anyone. They didn't offer it to me, but I guarantee you they offered it to people even before the pandemic that have risen to artificial prominence.
Yeah, but somehow, I think you would agree that the lack of interest in the whole picture, as it were, you know, so, yeah, I don't want to name names.
Yeah, but I can't see that as being, that can't be random. That has to be orchestrated. It is people choosing not to encroach on certain parts of the narrative.
But JJ, so for me anyway, that tells me that they're not authentic.
So they have their specialty, you know, so Peter McCullough, for example, is a cardiologist.
But Peter McCullough has made progress. Peter McCullough did not say until a month ago that if he was honest and an apparent nowadays he would forego the vaccine schedule.
You understand that that is something that that if he would have said that in 2020, he would have been off the charts.
Do you understand that Meryl Nass and Robert F. Kennedy Jr. of Children's Health Defense that I now work for?
That this book is being put out. Let's be very honest. You can't find one place ever where Bobby Kennedy or Meryl Nass two prominent members or spokespersons in the past for Children's Health Defense have never said that we should forego the vaccine schedule in America.
They've never said it, even though they're an organization full of women and men and injured people that believe that.
And the only person who I know in our immediate circle is Peter McCullough, Pierre Corey, and Tess Laura, who have all very recently in podcasts or in interviews said that, you know, I didn't think I would be here, but I don't think I would take any more vaccines.
And this is a statement that very few people have made. I don't think that precludes the possibility that some of those people are not working for the opposition in it.
But if they're good people, then their soul is broken, their heart is broken, and they're doing what they can.
And I think that with Peter, he doesn't question the novel virus and that millions of people died, but he's willing to go out on a limb and say that young parents, you know, I wouldn't do the vaccine schedule. That's magnificent.
And remember, I'm suggesting that a van pulled up at his house in 2020 when he was coming out about hydroxychloroquine, not swelling hearts and saying that his technician and held more hearts in her hand than anyone had ever held in history.
And according to her that hydroxychloroquine doesn't make swollen hearts, at that stage, he was a danger.
And they came to him and gave him instructions and it's not making him a bad guy because if they didn't give it to him, they'll give it to somebody else. And he's just, I feel like he's just trying to do what he can and not.
So, JJ, why did Peter McCullough, for example, since you mentioned him, why did he go along with the clearly false narrative, as far as I'm concerned, of the false diagnosis of not only COVID-19, but also the Delta variant and then the Alpha variant.
I mean, it's a national security issue. We don't know what brief he got. We don't know what they scared him with. Did they tell him that it was going to be a billion people dead? Did he get a secret briefing that said the likelihood of a billion people dying is about 50%.
And how long would it take if three guys in suits showed up in Pittsburgh and came to my stream room and said, Jonathan, we want to talk to you. We take you very seriously as a thinker and we want you to help us protect the American public and the Western society in general.
The whole earth is in danger because what our worst fears are is a gain of function virus escaping is actually true. We're not sure if it came from Uzbekistan or whether it's from our own labs in Ukraine, but we know for sure that this is in circulation.
We've got a big problem. We need your help. How much lying and exaggeration would they do with three guys in fancy suits and little things in their ear before I would basically poop my pants and say, well, tell me what I got to do.
I can't stress to you how important it is to not underestimate how aggressive they were with this. They were on Hollywood sets in 2020, vaccinating people with specially pure vaccine that they told Hollywood people they were at their Christmas parties in 2020
with really rich Hollywood celebrities with private stock vaccines, giving it to people so that they would be on board before the public rollout ever happened. You know they did that at TV stations all around the United States too.
So, JJ, why was Peter McCullough allowed to say what he did say recently then in your opinion?
Again, I think that one of the most important things in my mind is that to see that this is a controlled demolition of America. They were never not going to tell the truth.
They were just going to tell the truth in such a slow role manner that all of the people that weren't paying attention would be trapped.
So, they're going to eventually admit that the vaccine schedule was a mistake. They're going to eventually admit that the FDA and the CDC are responsible for it.
They're definitely going to admit that the American government is in complete shambles and that America should be essentially rebooted.
That's the whole plan. Our dollar is about to be destroyed. They're about to bring in digital ID that they've already got in the European Union.
These are all parts of a plan that, quite frankly, I'm absolutely convinced that this is just one stream of consciousness for them.
And this is just a slow role and imagine if you were told that on the other side of this operation, you're going to have comfort and you're going to have fame and you're going to have power because when the CDs, CDs, the digital IDs are rolled in
and when the digital currency is rolled in, you're going to be on the right team. You're going to be on the winning team.
When the shortages happen, when the food shortages happen, when the food lines occur, you're going to be on the right team.
These people could have been warned. I mean, all right, that's very good.
I think that some of these people, they kind of expose themselves by their lack of authenticity.
And I've always thought that, for example, the leader of the founder of World Council for Health, the ridiculously named World Council for Health,
they're chilactors, authenticity, but they get attacked for seeing that sort of interesting thing.
I don't need to say that. On the go, we don't need to attack each other now.
We will finish JJ and Stephen. I remind you of one of our speakers, Stephen, you might remember who, and I think it's a salutary point to close this conversation.
Are you willing to suffer for your truth? I don't expect an answer. That's the question. That's the question.
You look at history and that's for each one of us. That's the self-awareness journey.
Do I believe in this and therefore I'm willing to suffer and have my family suffer?
Good luck with your introspection, JJ. Brilliant work as usual. Thank you for the great questions, everybody.
That's just the point. You said each of us, they shouldn't attack each other. That is the problem that we need to know that we can actually trust certain people.
Look at how many spouses have been cheating on their husbands for years and never been spouses.
You can't make that judgement. You just go... No, I don't agree. I don't agree. You can make that.
Look, we're not going to have that conversation. I've been married three times. I'm a better expert than you are.
No, I'm not talking about marriage. I'm talking about it.
You're saying, how can you possibly trust me? You're trying to shout me down.
I am, because we're finishing. We're not having this debate. You do know when you can trust people.
No, you don't. You believe, but you don't know. You believe.
The difference. At least thinking about the possibility of being led astray is important.
Thank you very much for the opportunity to speak. Thank you very much.
Thank you, Jay. Thank you, David. Thank you, everybody.
I think we're leaving. That's it. Yeah. It's okay. Thank you very much for joining me, everybody. I'm going to get a break.
This has been GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief, brought to you by a biologist.
Why is it that coming out?
It's not coming out. Why is it not coming out? I don't see that.
Why is that not working?
If I go over here, does it work?
That's weird.
I hope that was okay to stop all transfections and humans, because they're trying to eliminate the control group by enemies necessary.
And you can find me at GigaOM Biological.com, where you can subscribe and support the channel and support my work.
And you can also participate in whatever limited conversation you have at GigaOM by .bile,
where Jessica Hockett actually just became a member, which is pretty cool. That's some serious celebrity, uh, celebrity fediverse.
Anyway, everybody that's in this stream, 118 people, wow, thank you very much for spending your time with me today.
Um, tomorrow I have Jay Bottacharia at 1 o'clock in the afternoon, and then Peter McCullough at 6 p.m.
Um, so I'm going to be spread, spread the thin, like mayonnaise over too much bread, but I'm going to do my best to stay hydrated and get it done.
So, uh, I'll see you tomorrow.
What did I want to do that? I wanted to do that. Sorry, I did that out of order.
Thanks, guys.